h2. Modules

See the "Modules":http://wiki.github.com/ry/node/modules page.

h2. Projects / Applications
* "node_chat":http://github.com/ry/node_chat by ry (live demo at <a href="http://chat.tinyclouds.org">chat.tinyclouds.org</a>)
* "nodelint.js":http://github.com/tav/nodelint.js by tav — run jslint from the command line
* "nodeload":http://github.com/benschmaus/nodeload by benschmaus and jonjlee  — utility for benchmarking HTTP APIs
* "nodewiki":http://github.com/gjritter/nodewiki -- a simple wiki based on node and redis
* "blog.js":http://github.com/furtivefelon/blog.js -- Simple blogging engine based on node.js
* "cassiterite":http://github.com/kurokikaze/cassiterite -- Another blogging engine based on node.js + Tokyo Tyrant + nginx
* "Sousaball":http://github.com/creationix/sousaball by creationix (<a href="http://sousaball.creationix.com">sousaball.creationix.com</a>)
* "DinMaker":http://github.com/creationix/node-topcloud-chat by creationix (live demo at <a href="http://chat.creationix.com">chat.creationix.com</a>)
* "Flickr Spy":http://github.com/ncr/flickr_spy -- Discover where your Flickr contacts are commenting
* "azathoth":http://github.com/orlandov/azathoth -- simple HTTP traffic/load generator and benchmark proof of concept
* "antinode":http://github.com/mhansen/antinode -- Simple static file HTTP Server with logging
* "NodeMachine":http://github.com/tautologistics/nodemachine -- Port of WebMachine for Node.js
* "LifeInText":http://github.com/weilawei/LifeInText -- LiT is a mashup platform for personal projects and snippets.
* "Ajax IM":http://github.com/endtwist/AjaxIM -- Ajax IM is an instant messaging server and framework for the browser.
* "7 Minutes Chrono":http://www.7minuteschrono.com - A speed-dating chat application. Uses websockets and node.js
* "Persevere":http://www.persvr.org/ - REST/HTTP + JSON-based web data project that includes "Pintura":http://github.com/kriszyp/pintura, "Perstore":http://github.com/kriszyp/perstore, "CommonJS-Utils":http://github.com/kriszyp/commonjs-utils
* "js.io":http://github.com/mcarter/js.io -- Javascript Networking Library for building real-time web applications
* "BusBound":http://www.busbound.com/ - iPhone web application built with express framework
* "JSONPify":http://jsonpify.com/ - a JSONP proxy for client applications
* "Djangode":http://github.com/simonw/djangode - Django’s regex-based URL handling, utility functions, and html templating for node
* "The WPilot Project":http://jfd.github.com/wpilot/ - A multiplayer, space shooter, action game in your browser. Server is built in node
* "Socket.IO":http://github.com/LearnBoost/Socket.IO-node - An abstraction over all the realtime transports (WebSocket, long polling, XHR multipart, etc) for the Node HTTP server
* "zztmmo":http://github.com/marak/zztmmo - a zzt based massive multiplayer online game built in node.js and jQuery (currently only single player)
* "diretto":http://www.diretto.org/ - Distributed Recon/Reporting Transceiver Toolkit – Uses Node.js for web-based media storage and for its RESTful webservice implementation
* "ElusiveHippo":http://elusivehippo.com - Push deployment for nodejs (non-functional / doesn't work)
* "Chess Riot":http://chessriot.com - a live Lightning Chess app built in node.js, express, CoffeeScript and jQuery. By @weepy
* "Realie":http://www.web2media.net/laktek/2010/05/25/real-time-collaborative-editing-with-websockets-node-js-redis/ - Real-time Collaborative Editor using Web Sockets, Node.js & Redis (non-functional / doesn't work)
* "GrowlHub":http://github.com/idris/growlhub - Growl Notifications for GitHub
* "Simple Node.js MUD":http://github.com/gumho/simple-node.js-mud - Simple multi-user dungeon using Node.js
* "wtfjs":http://github.com/brianleroux/wtfjs - what the fuck javascript!
* "node.ly":http://github.com/giacecco/node.ly - A simple URL shortener written in Node.js and SQLIte3 (moving to CouchDB in future version 2)
* "vertex.js":http://github.com/stevedekorte/vertex.js - A graph database inspired by filesystems built on node.js and tokyocabinet.
* "The API Playground":http://github.com/jashkenas/api-playground - A website where journalists can play with API examples. (CoffeeScript/Express) "apiplayground.org":http://apiplayground.org
* "Szpil":https://szpil.com - CRM using Node and TokyoCabinet. Shared client/server database and model code, user interface decoupled from the network, API retrieval and authorization performed at the meta-data layer using set union and intersection on indexes to avoid JSON deserialization/serialization overhead.
* "vows.js":http://vowsjs.org/ - "Asynchronous behaviour driven development for Node."

h2. Articles
* "How to start develop with node js on linux from windows":http://wiki.github.com/shimondoodkin/nodejs-autorestart/how-to-start-develop-with-node-js-on-linux -- by Shimon Doodkin
* "pubsub":http://www.nonblocking.io/2009/06/scalable-pubsub-with-nodejs.html -- by Malte Ubl
* "Going Evented with Node.js":http://www.nakedjavascript.com/going-evented-with-nodejs -- Naked JavaScript
* "Node.js is genuinely exciting":http://simonwillison.net/2009/Nov/23/node/ -- by Simon Willison
* "Deploying Node.js with Upstart and Monit":http://howtonode.org/deploying-node-upstart-monit -- by Tim Smart
* "Several tutorials about Node.js":http://howtonode.org/ -- by Tim Caswell (How to Node)
* "Advanced JavaScript $4 eBook":http://www.dev-mag.com/2010/02/18/advanced-javascript/ -- by TJ Holowaychuk
* "Node.js - I just have to use it for something":http://www.hawksworx.com/journal/2010/02/15/nodejs-i-just-have-to-use-it-for-something/ -- by Phil Hawksworth
* "node by example":http://blog.osbutler.com/categories/node-by-example/ -- by Hendrik Daldrup
* "Implementing Web Socket servers with Node.js":http://www.web2media.net/laktek/2010/05/04/implementing-web-socket-servers-with-node-js/ -- by Lakshan Perera

h2. Talks
* "Node.js at JSConf.eu 2009":http://jsconf.eu/2009/video_nodejs_by_ryan_dahl.html -- by Ryan Dahl
* "Node.js at JSConf.us 2010":http://nodejs.org/jsconf2010.pdf -- by Ryan Dahl
* "Running YUI3 on Node.js":http://www.slideshare.net/apmoore/running-yui-3-on-nodejs -- by Adam Moore

h2. Companies using node
* "Heroku":http://blog.heroku.com/archives/2010/4/28/node_js_support_experimental/ Dead simple Node deployment for you, and internal tools for us.
* "Academia.edu":http://www.academia.edu/ - uses node for background data processing
* "Adcloud":http://adcloud.com/ -- Javascript Adserver on EC2
* "Bocoup":http://bocoup.com
* "BrandedCode":http://brandedcode.com
* "Chompin":http://chompin.com - discover new music, mobile app, uses node for the entire back end api
* "Datagraph":http://datagraph.org/ - uses node as part of a sharded large-scale RDF storage system.
* "Debuggable":http://debuggable.com/ -- using node.js for "TransloadIt's":http://transloadit.com/ file uploading & encoding server
* "Dextrose":http://dextrose.com/ -- heavily uses node for their upcoming JavaScript based game engine "Aves Engine"
* "Deco":http://www.on-deco.com - Real-time collaborative mood boarding for web designers
* "e-resistible":http://www.e-resistible.co.uk - uses node to handle network communication to restaurant printers
* Feisty Studios
* "Fictorial":http://fictorial.com
* "Fostle":http://fostle.com/
* "Joyent":http://www.joyent.com/
* "Medium":http://thisismedium.com
* "MyBrands":http://www.mybrands.de -- web-tracker and product recommendations (node + couchdb)
* "Next Feature":http://www.nextfeature.com
* "Next Please!":http://nextplea.se - uses node to match "Adobe Stratus":http://labs.adobe.com/technologies/stratus/ id's.
* "nitobi":http://nitobi.com
* "Plurk":http://www.plurk.com/ -- using node.js for its "new comet system":http://amix.dk/blog/post/19490#Plurk-Instant-conversations-using-comet
* "Sexbyfood":http://www.sexbyfood.com -- a web-based reservations book for restaurateurs
* "SitePen":http://www.sitepen.com/ - Using node for persevere
* "Szpil":https://szpil.com - Keep detailed contact histories. Review past calls and conversations. Collaborate with colleagues. 
* "Telefónica R&D":http://tid.es
* "Vision Media":http://vision-media.ca -- Web development firm based in Victoria, BC
* "Yammer":https://www.yammer.com
* "Ylastic":http://ylastic.com/ - uses node for report processing and admin app
* "Pixelspark":http://www.pixelspark.nl/
* "Newspaper Club":http://www.newspaperclub.co.uk - Uses node.js for wrapping a nasty SOAP interface to InDesign Server.
* "NewsBasis":http://newsbasis.com (not yet launched) -- Web crawler and async work in node
* "ipowerhouse":http://www.ipowerhouse.com - Focused on haXe/Node.js  game dev; first all haxe/node bingo product.
* "clickdummy":http://clickdummy.net - Fast prototyping for designers and dummies