Check out "search.npmjs.org":http://search.npmjs.org/ too

h2. Adding to this page

When you add a framework to this page, have a look at how others have done so, it should be a single item, with a link to the project's source code, and a short description (one line after formatting has been applied).

If you see a module without a description, feel free to edit the page and add it in, any contributions are appreciated.

When you edit this list, also add your module to [[library-compatibility]] so that users will know which versions of Node it was tested with.

h2(#modules). "Modules":#modules

h3(#web-frameworks). "Web frameworks":#web-frameworks

h4(#web-frameworks-routers). "Routers":#web-frameworks-routers
* "biggie-router":https://github.com/biggie/biggie-router -- Router for the biggie framework. Inspired by Sinatra and JQuery.
* "choreographer":https://github.com/laughinghan/choreographer -- Your server is my stage -- dirt simple URL routing for Node.js. Easy to use, easy to understand. Sinatra-style API.
* "clutch":https://github.com/clement/clutch -- no-frills web request router, supporting nested routes, regexp parameters
* "connect":https://github.com/senchalabs/Connect -- Robust high performance middleware framework
* "dispatch":https://github.com/caolan/dispatch -- Regular expression URL dispatcher for Connect
* "journey":https://github.com/cloudhead/journey -- liberal JSON-only HTTP request router
* "node-router":https://github.com/creationix/node-router -- Simple Sinatra-like http server based on fu.js from the original node-chat demo.
* "node.routes.js":https://github.com/defrex/node.routes.js/ -- A simple url router
* "nozzle":https://github.com/fictorial/nozzle -- web app/service framework
* "sherpa":https://github.com/joshbuddy/sherpa -- HTTP router/generator with support for regex and parameters

h4(#web-frameworks-static). "Static file servers":#web-frameworks-static
* "Nitrode":https://github.com/ollym/nitrode -- A lightweight, super fast HTTP 1.1 with internal JS API
* "antinode":https://github.com/mhansen/antinode -- A simple static web server
* "node-paperboy":https://github.com/felixge/node-paperboy -- A node.js module for delivering static files
* "node-static":https://github.com/cloudhead/node-static -- A simple, rfc 2616-compliant static file server module with built-in caching
* "oui":https://github.com/rsms/oui -- Web service server with great static files support
* "static":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/static.js - Static file handler using asynchronous streaming as JSGI middleware
* "protos":https://github.com/dulac/protos - Static file server with JSON configuration, similar to Apache

h4(#web-frameworks-micro). "Microframeworks":#web-frameworks-micro
* "Ni":https://github.com/chetan51/ni -- A minimalistic Node module / framework that makes setting up an MVC project a breeze
* "(fab)":http://www.fabjs.org -- A modular and concise async web framework for node.js
* "kaph":https://github.com/akaspin/kaph -- Not framework
* "Nerve":https://github.com/gjritter/nerve -- Microframework with simple array-based syntax for defining an app on top of node. (node.JS 0.1.30)
* "Prick":https://github.com/SingAlong/Prick - tiny web framework
* "rowan":https://github.com/idmillington/rowan -- A hierarchical microframework of reusable controllers and modular app logic.
* "scylla":https://github.com/ithinkihaveacat/node-scylla -- Create simple one object applications by doubling up method names as URL-matching patterns (node.JS 0.1.102)
* "vroom":https://github.com/raycmorgan/vroom/tree/master -- A simple resource oriented web framework built on top of Node.js (November 2009, node.JS 0.1.16)
* "Picard":https://github.com/dantebronto/picard
* "simplex":https://github.com/mshakhan/simplex (October 2009, node.JS 0.1.14)
* "Pipe-Layer":http://cgit.voodoowarez.com/pipe-layer/ -- Asynchronous HTTP router.
* "frank":https://github.com/mvrilo/frank -- yet another sinatra-like microframework for node
* "zappa":https://github.com/mauricemach/zappa -- Razor-sharp DSL for modern web apps. (node 0.2.3)

h4(#web-frameworks-full). "Frameworks":#web-frameworks-full
* "broke":https://github.com/brokenseal/broke/ -- A porting of the most famous "Django Web Framework":http://www.djangoproject.com/
* "chain":https://github.com/hassox/chain/ -- An evented convention for building Node Applications (Stopped Development, for ejsgi)
* "coltrane":https://github.com/ujh/coltrane/tree/master -- A try at a higher level library/framework for node.js web development (July 2009, node.JS 0.1.1)
* "djangode":https://github.com/simonw/djangode -- A framework that borrows some useful concepts from "Django":http://www.djangoproject.com/. (March 2010, node.JS 0.1.30)
* "drty":https://github.com/drtyhbo/drty -- A Django port to NodeJS. Many Django features, still under heavy development. (January, 2011, 0.2.6)
* "Express":https://github.com/visionmedia/express/tree/master -- A robust feature rich web development framework **inspired by Sinatra**
* "Grasshopper":https://github.com/tuxychandru/grasshopper/tree/master -- A feature-rich and flexible MVC framework for web applications and services, with integrated **dependency injection**.
* "Geddy":https://github.com/mde/geddy/tree/master -- A hackable Web-app development framework similar to Merb/Rails/Pylons/Django
* "jimi":https://github.com/colingourlay/jimi -- A framework for writing modular web applications in node.js ("tutorial":https://github.com/colingourlay/jimi/wiki)
* "js.io":https://github.com/mcarter/js.io -- Javascript Networking Library for building real-time web applications. Also see "JS.io":http://js.io
* "josi":https://github.com/thatismatt/josi -- An MVC web framework that's easy to pick up but doesn't get in the way. Also see "here":http://thatismatt.github.com/josi/.
* "Meryl":https://github.com/coffeemate/meryl -- Minimalist web framework! See "homepage":http://coffeemate.github.com/meryl
* "nodemachine":https://github.com/tautologistics/nodemachine -- A port of WebMachine to Node.js
* "pintura":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura -- REST-based web framework/"middleware":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/tree/master/lib/jsgi/ stack built for Ajax-style "JSON-driven applications":http://www.sitepen.com/blog/2010/01/22/introducing-pintura/.
* "spludo":http://spludo.com -- A full featured web framework. Fully Async + MVC with DI, AOP and Storages. ("tutorial":http://docsforit.spludo.com/ + "user-guide":http://spludo.com/user-guide/full/)
* "WIN":https://github.com/mathgladiator/win -- A simple page centric framework designed around CouchDB+Mustache
* "Zeppelin":https://github.com/pelger/Zeppelin -- An early stage, low friction cloud development framework    

h4(#middleware). "Middleware":#middleware
* "cascade":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/cascade.js -- Sequentially attempts multiple middleware apps (JSGI).
* "compress":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/compress.js - Gzip compresses (using node-compress) the response when appropriate based on request headers. (JSGI)
* "media":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/media.js - Performs content type negotiation (per RFC2616) delegating to appropriate media handler. (JSGI)
* "csrf":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/csrf.js - Checks HTTP request for possible cross-site request forgery, flags dangerous requests. (JSGI)
* "xsite":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/xsite.js - Handles JSONP, window.name, and cross-origin XHR (CORS). (JSGI)
* "rewriter":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/rewriter.js - Rewrites defined paths to other paths. (JSGI)
* "static":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/static.js - Static file handler using asynchronous streaming. (JSGI)
* "error":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/error.js - Catches uncaught errors and converts to appropriate HTTP error responses. (JSGI)
* "conditional":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/conditional.js - Handles conditional HTTP requests (If-Modified-Since, etc.) (JSGI)
* "http-params":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/http-params.js - Converts HTTP parameters http-<name> to headers. (JSGI)
* "auth":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/auth.js - Handles Authentication (HTTP and cookie based). (JSGI)
* "commonlogger":https://github.com/280north/jack/blob/0.3/lib/jack/commonlogger.js - A logger of HTTP requests. (JSGI)
* "contentlength":https://github.com/280north/jack/blob/0.3/lib/jack/contentlength.js - Sets Content-Length header. (JSGI)
* "head":https://github.com/280north/jack/blob/0.3/lib/jack/head.js - Handles HEAD requests (stripping body). (JSGI)
* "redirect":https://github.com/280north/jack/blob/0.3/lib/jack/redirect.js - Redirects to other URLs (JSGI)
* "urlmap":https://github.com/280north/jack/blob/0.3/lib/jack/urlmap.js - Maps to different apps by path/URL (JSGI)
* "extension":https://github.com/dvv/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/extension.js - Transforms .extension to a RESTful Accept header (JSGI)
* "transporter":https://github.com/kriszyp/transporter - Share modules with browser, works RequireJS and Yabble (JSGI)
* "routes":https://github.com/dvv/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/routes.js - Simple RegExp based router (JSGI)
* "node-file-cache":https://github.com/FLYBYME/node-file-cache - Very small file cache for node.js http server.
* "connect-rpx":https://github.com/xrd/connect-rpx - Use RPX with Node.js and Connect (Connect)
* "connect-assetmanager":https://github.com/mape/connect-assetmanager - Asset manager for Connect for handling CSS/JS files (Connect)
* "session":https://github.com/kriszyp/pintura/blob/master/lib/jsgi/session.js - Session manager with pluggable storage handling (JSGI)
* "dispatch":https://github.com/caolan/dispatch -- Regular expression URL dispatcher (Connect)
* "quip":https://github.com/caolan/quip -- Chainable HTTP response API (Connect)
* "cookie-sessions":https://github.com/caolan/cookie-sessions -- Secure cookie-based session store (Connect)
* "protobuf_for_node":http://code.google.com/p/protobuf-for-node/ -- In-process JS-to-C++ communication using protocol buffer services
* "socket-logger":https://github.com/saikat/socket-logger/ -- JSON-parsable logs for Socket.IO that can push log messages to a client over Socket.IO.
* "monomi":https://github.com/jamesgpearce/monomi/ -- Provides tools for handling tablet, touch, and mobile browsers (Connect)
* "trust-reverse-proxy":https://github.com/zazengo/trust-reverse-proxy - Trust (SSL) connections coming from (a) specific reverse prox(y)(ies) (Connect)
* "node-evented":https://github.com/donnerjack13589/node-evented -- Extended EventEmitter
* "form2json":https://github.com/fgnass/form2json -- Decoder for form-urlencoded data that supports arrays of nested objects (Connect)
* "http-proxy-selective":https://github.com/zentooo/node-http-proxy-selective -- Proxy server replace some remote static files with local ones
* "resource-router":https://github.com/s3u/resource-router -- A resource-oriented router to replace the default routing in express (Connect)
* "session-web-sockets":https://github.com/kazuyukitanimura/session-web-sockets -- Pass session to (Socket.IO-node) in a secure manner (Connect) Originally forked from "bmeck/session-web-sockets":https://github.com/bmeck/session-web-sockets
* "proxy-tamper":https://github.com/tsyd/proxy-tamper -- A proxy server that allows for the tampering of requests and responses.
* "node-facebook-session-cookie":https://github.com/jonashuckestein/node-facebook-session-cookie -- eats facebook cookies from client FB.login() and makes the session available as req.fb_session (Connect)

h4(#web-frameworks-other). "Other":#web-frameworks-other
* "Alligator":https://github.com/mrohad/Alligator -- Application Server on top of NodeJS (JSSP and SSJS support)
* "Nitrode":https://github.com/ollym/nitrode -- A lightweight, super fast HTTP 1.1 with internal JS API
* "Connect":https://github.com/senchalabs/connect -- Middleware framework packed with high quality / performance middleware
* "Spark":https://github.com/senchalabs/spark -- A command-line tool used to manage node server processes
* "Spark2":https://github.com/davglass/spark2 -- Fork of "Spark":https://github.com/senchalabs/spark with some improvements.
* "node-elf-logger":https://github.com/TooTallNate/node-elf-logger -- Configurable HTTP logging library following the "W3C Extended Log File Format specification":http://www.w3.org/TR/WD-logfile.html
* "JSGI-Node":https://github.com/kriszyp/jsgi-node/ -- Asynchronous JSGI 0.3 Adapter for Node, for standards-based middleware
* "node-mime":https://github.com/bentomas/node-mime -- Utility module for mime-type lookups
* "node-cgi":https://github.com/pufuwozu/node-cgi -- CGI adapter kludge (replaces Node's fast and famous event-based HTTP library)
* "node.ly":https://github.com/giacecco/node.ly -- A simple URL shortener
* "multi-node":https://github.com/kriszyp/multi-node -- Launch multiple node processes for HTTP servers
* "node-http-digest":https://github.com/thedjinn/node-http-digest -- Provides HTTP Digest authentication for HTTP servers
* "solder":https://github.com/brettstimmerman/solder -- Combines and minifies JavaScript and CSS at runtime and build time
* "fugue":https://github.com/pgte/fugue -- Unicorn for Node.js - Multiple node server instance manager with Unicorn-like features
* "what":https://github.com/entmike/what -- What - A Node.JS Web Container/Application Server
* "mongrel2":https://github.com/darkhelmet/node-mongrel2 -- mongrel2 - Mongrel2 handler for node

h3(#database). "Database":#database
* "alfred":http://pgte.github.com/alfred/ -- a fast in-process key-value store for node.js that has functional indexes, streams, replication,  ...
* "awesome":https://github.com/janl/awesome -- a Redis clone in node.js
* "barricane-db":https://github.com/chrisdew/barricane-db -- a transparent object persistence mechanism
* "couch-ar":https://github.com/scottburch/couch-ar -- a active record implementation for couchDB (uses cradle)
* "couch-client":https://github.com/creationix/couch-client -- a simple wrapper around CouchDB's http interface
* "cradle":https://github.com/cloudhead/cradle -- a high-level, caching, CouchDB client
* "chaos":https://github.com/stagas/chaos -- Chaos is a Node.js database
* "data.js":https://github.com/michael/data/ -- Graph persistence for Node.js with CouchDB
* "JSLINQ":https://github.com/marak/JSLINQ -- Clean and simple port of Microsoft's LINQ to node.js (and the browser)
* "keys":https://github.com/visionmedia/keys -- Unified interface for key/value store clients
* "kyoto-client":https://github.com/wezm/kyoto-client -- A client for the Kyoto Tycoon key-value store
* "node-couch":https://github.com/sixtus/node-couch/tree/master -- a CouchDB connector
* "node-couchdb":https://github.com/felixge/node-couchdb -- A full API implementation
* "node-couchdb-min":https://github.com/rsms/node-couchdb-min -- Light-weight client with low level of abstraction and connection pooling.
* "node-dirty":https://github.com/felixge/node-dirty -- A key value store for node.js that is simple, fast & dirty.
* "node-fleet":https://github.com/jfd/node-fleet -- a FleetDB Client
* "node-firebird-libfbclient":https://github.com/xdenser/node-firebird-libfbclient -- Firebird SQL client
* "node-fsdocs":https://github.com/rsms/node-fsdocs -- Simple, ACID and versioned file system-based document database for quick hacks
* "node-handlersocket":https://github.com/koichik/node-handlersocket -- Pure JavaScript client for HandlerSocket 
* "node-hbase":https://github.com/wdavidw/node-hbase -- HBase client with full API support through the REST connector
* "node-mdbm":https://github.com/robtweed/node-mdbm -- a client for GT.M and Cache, using an HTTP interface that is based on SimpleDB
* "node-memcache":https://github.com/vanillahsu/node-memcache -- a memcache client base on libmemcached
* "node-mongodb":https://github.com/orlandov/node-mongodb -- Basic MongoDB client implementation in JS/C++
* "node-mongodb-native":https://github.com/christkv/node-mongodb-native -- A pure javascript driver for MongoDB.
* "mongolia":https://github.com/masylum/mongolia -- Flexible wrapper for the nodejs Mongo driver. Lighter than a ORM but easier to use than the driver.
* "mongoose":http://www.learnboost.com/mongoose/ -- Mongoose is a javascript library that makes working with MongoDB a breeze.
* "mongous":https://github.com/amark/mongous -- Mongous is a dead simple MongoDB driver that uses a jQuery styled syntax.
* "node-poormansmysql":https://github.com/mscdex/node-poormansmysql -- Asynchronous MySQL driver for node.js using the mysql command-line tool
* "node-mwire":https://github.com/robtweed/node-mwire -- a client for GT.M & Cache, based on the Redis protocol, with connection pooling (includes web server log to database)
* "node-mysql":https://github.com/felixge/node-mysql -- A node.js module implementing the MySQL protocol 
* "-node-mysql-":https://github.com/masuidrive/node-mysql -- -Pure Javascript MySQL async driver- [obsolete]
* "node-mysql-native":https://github.com/sidorares/nodejs-mysql-native -- Yet another pure JS async driver. Pipelining, prepared statements.
* "node-mysql-libmysqlclient":https://github.com/Sannis/node-mysql-libmysqlclient -- MySQL asynchronous bindings based on libmysqlclient
* "node-sqlite":https://github.com/grumdrig/node-sqlite -- Bindings for SQLite3. Interface conforms to the "HTML5 Web SQL API":http://dev.w3.org/html5/webdatabase/#sql.
* "node-sqlite":https://github.com/orlandov/node-sqlite -- Fast asynchronous driver: New evented Node.js look, same great SQLite3 taste
* "node-tyrant":https://github.com/waveto/node-tyrant/tree/master -- An implementation of the Tokyo Tyrant network protocol for the Node.js
* "node.dbslayer.js":https://github.com/Guille/node.dbslayer.js/ - Interface to DBSlayer (MySQL)
* "node_postgres":https://github.com/ry/node_postgres -- Beginning of bindings to libpg
* "node-postgres":https://github.com/brianc/node-postgres -- Heavily tested, heavily documented, working Postgres client
* "nosql-thin":https://github.com/dmcquay/node-nosql-thin - Makes easier to work with MongoDB. Not an ORM. Not production ready.
* "persistence":https://github.com/creationix/node-persistence -- Multi-backend database/nosql system.  Backends: Sqlite3, Postgres and Memory.
* "persistence.js":https://github.com/zefhemel/persistencejs -- An object-relational mapper (ORM) for node. Backends: MySQL.
* "perstore":https://github.com/kriszyp/perstore -- JavaScript persistence/object store with pluggable storage based on the "W3C DB API":http://www.w3.org/TR/IndexedDB/
* "postgres-js":https://github.com/creationix/postgres-js/tree/master -- Postgres protocol implemented in pure JS
* "postgres-js":https://github.com/aurynn/postgres-js/ -- Fork of postgres-js, adds parameterized queries and prepared statements.
* "rapid":https://github.com/visionmedia/rapid - Redis ORM-like abstraction layer with query support, type coercion and validations
* "RDX":https://github.com/kreetitech/RDX - An object-relational mapper (ORM) for node. Backends: node-mysql-libmysqlclient.
* "redis-node":https://github.com/bnoguchi/redis-node -- Comprehensive, high speed Redis client
* "redis-node-client":https://github.com/fictorial/redis-node-client/tree/master -- Redis Client by Fictorial (deprecated)
* "node_redis":https://github.com/mranney/node_redis/ -- Complete Redis client that works well with new node and new Redis
* "redis2json":https://github.com/igo/redis2json/ -- Easily loads data from Redis into structured JS object
* "nohm":https://github.com/maritz/nohm -- Redis object relational mapper (ORM)
* "riak-js":https://github.com/frank06/riak-js -- Riak Javascript client (works on node v0.1.30+)
* "node-tokyocabinet":https://github.com/edvakf/node-tokyocabinet -- Tokyo Cabinet binding
* "node-migrate":https://github.com/rsandor/node-migrate -- Migrate - A database agnostic migration system for Node.js
* "simpledb":https://github.com/rjrodger/simpledb -- An Amazon AWS SimpleDB library for Node.js that is user-friendly and fault-tolerant
* "sequelize":https://github.com/sdepold/sequelize - An easy-to-use MySQL Object-Relational-Mapper (ORM) for Node.JS


h3(#templating). "Templating":#templating
* "asyncEJS":https://github.com/cramforce/node-asyncEJS -- Asynchronous implementation of embedded JavaScript
* "bind-js":https://github.com/Xavi-/bind-js -- a simple templating engine for node.js that smiles back.
* "dust":http://akdubya.github.com/dustjs -- Async, streaming & composable templates for the browser and node
* "CoffeeKup":https://github.com/mauricemach/coffeekup -- Markup as CoffeeScript. Live "demo":http://coffeekup.org. "Zappa":https://github.com/mauricemach/zappa, "Meryl":http://coffeemate.github.com/meryl/ and "Express":http://expressjs.com support (node 0.2.4/0.3.0)
* "Eco":https://github.com/sstephenson/eco -- Embedded CoffeeScript templates
* "ejs":https://github.com/visionmedia/ejs -- Light-weight Embedded JavaScript implementation. "Express":http://expressjs.com compliant
* "haml.js":https://github.com/visionmedia/haml.js -- Faster / more compliant implementation of Haml. "Express":http://expressjs.com support
* "haml-js":https://github.com/creationix/haml-js -- Server side html generation using javascript.  Parses haml templates and renders html.
* "jqtpl":https://github.com/kof/node-jqtpl -- A port of the new jQuery template engine. "Express":http://expressjs.com compliant
* "Jade":https://github.com/visionmedia/jade -- Haml-like template engine, fantastic error reporting, easier to read, higher performance. "Express":http://expressjs.com compliant
* "jazz":https://github.com/shinetech/jazz -- A readable template language for node.
* "JSON Template":https://github.com/andychu/json-template -- Minimal but powerful template language with multiple implementations.  This is the CommonJS version, tested on Node
* "jm":https://github.com/smtlaissezfaire/jm -- Another Builder/Markaby/Erectory clone in javascript.
* "jsdom":https://github.com/tmpvar/jsdom -- pure js implementation of the dom level 1 with some browser augmentation. Level 2 and 3 are being considered.
* "less.js":https://github.com/cloudhead/less.js -- official port of Less to javascript/node.
rendering process.
* "Mu (Mustache)":https://github.com/raycmorgan/Mu -- A Mustache engine that compiles templates into very fast rendering functions. Also streams the 
* "nTPL":https://github.com/donnerjack13589/nTPL -- Fast & Native extendable template system
* "nodejs-meta-templates":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/nodejs-meta-templates -- like php mixed with html, processed twice, 1st  static data, 2nd dynamic data.
* "normal-template":https://github.com/gmosx/normal-template -- Normal templates are simple, yet powerful. They are safe, usable in non XML/HTML contexts and portable to any programming language.
* "nun":https://github.com/akaspin/nun -- Totally asynchronous non-blocking template engine for node.js
* "node.magic_dom":https://github.com/amix/node.magic_dom -- A DSL for building HTML in node.js, similar to Python's Stan
* "node-template":https://github.com/graphnode/node-template -- Fast and light cached templates.
* "node-properties":https://github.com/theteam/node-properties -- Simple property reader, externalise your configuration through JSON
* "Parrot":https://github.com/ollym/parrot -- A lightning fast and lightweight templating engine for Node.js (Just 33 LOC!)
* "PURE":https://github.com/pure/pure -- Unobtrusive Rendering Engine. The HTML view and the JS logic remain strictly separated. Works with jsdom.
* "stencil":https://github.com/thetalecrafter/stencil -- Renders asynchronous templates shared by server and browser
* "strobe-templates":https://github.com/skid/strobe-templates -- An asynchronous templating engine with syntax like Django's
* "template.node.js":https://github.com/jazzychad/template.node.js -- A light, fast, cached template module for node.
* "tmpl-node":https://github.com/jed/tmpl-node -- a feature-rich template module for node.js
* "xmlbuilder.js":https://github.com/btakita/xmlbuilder.js -- An xml builder in Javascript inspired by Ruby's Builder, Markaby, and Erector.
* "xmlbuilder-js":https://github.com/oozcitak/xmlbuilder-js -- An xml builder for node.js similar to java-xmlbuilder.

h3(#css-engines). "CSS Engines":#css-engines
* "Stylus":https://github.com/LearnBoost/stylus -- Expressive, dynamic, robust CSS language written by the author of Express, Connect, Jade and more
* "sass.js":https://github.com/visionmedia/sass.js -- Parses Sass templates and renders css.
* "scss-js":https://github.com/bmavity/scss-js -- Parses SCSS templates and renders css.
* "carto":https://github.com/mapbox/carto -- Parses MSS templates and renders XML for "Mapnik":http://mapnik.org/

h3(#build-and-deployment). "Build and Deployment":#build-and-deployment
* "nodejs-autorestart":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/nodejs-autorestart -- It is a way to watch all .js files if they have been changed and to restart nodejs. It allows easy development and stable production.
* "config":https://github.com/lorenwest/node-config -- Runtime configuration for node.js deployment - npm install config
* "node-config":https://github.com/ArtS/node-config -- Lightweight configuration engine for Node.js
* "node-dev":https://github.com/fgnass/node-dev -- Automatically restarts node when a source-file is modified. Displays notifications via Growl.
* "node-settings":https://github.com/mgutz/node-settings -- Simple, hierarchical environment-based app settings.
* "Jake":https://github.com/mde/node-jake -- JavaScript build tool similar to Make or Rake.
* "Masson":https://github.com/wdavidw/node-masson -- Build system and rule management similar to tools like Make, Ant or Rake
* "Ready.js":https://github.com/dsimard/ready.js -- Continuous javascript integration using JSLint, Google Compiler, Node.js and Git
* "nodemon":https://github.com/remy/nodemon -- Monitors all source files, restarts node on changes. Command-line usage, code-passive with ignore list.
* "node-linter":https://github.com/kof/node-linter -- generic lint wrapper for JSLint, closure-linter, closure-compiler, and Javascript Lint.

h3(#package-management). "Package Management Systems":#package-management
* "kiwi":https://github.com/visionmedia/kiwi -- Feature rich, fast, node.js package management system -- server sponsored by Slicehost ("no longer in active development":http://goo.gl/BqGu)
* "npm":https://github.com/isaacs/npm -- A node package manager that uses CommonJS-compatible package.json files, written in asynchronous javascript.
* "mode":https://github.com/rsms/mode -- Distributed Node module repository.  Uses a "github repository":https://github.com/rsms/mode/tree/master/index/ to contain info about installable modules.
* "seed":http://seedjs.org -- Universal package manager for CommonJS.  Includes command line tools and async server

h3(#module-loader). "Module Loader":#module-loader
* "nodules":https://github.com/kriszyp/nodules -- Async module loader with dep resolution/downloading and module reloading w/o server restart
* "node-DJs":https://github.com/lrbabe/node-DJs - Restart a server after each change in main script and dependencies
* "node-hot-reload":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/node-hot-reload - watchFile and reload modules dynamically for node.js (very useful for development, less good for production)
* "remap":https://github.com/dominictarr/remap - reroute require for mocks, wrappers, or shenanigans (useful for testing)

h3(#security). "OpenSSL / Crypto / Hashing":#security
* "packnode":https://github.com/chriso/packnode -- Obfuscate, minify and/or encrypt JS files
* "hashlib":https://github.com/brainfucker/hashlib -- Fast hashing module, written in C/C++, supports: md4, md5, md6, sha, sha1, sha256, sha512
* "brainfucker's node-base64":https://github.com/brainfucker/node-base64 -- C++ base64 lib
* "pkrumins's node-base64":https://github.com/pkrumins/node-base64 -- C++ base64 lib that actually works
* "amir's node-base62":https://github.com/amir/node-base62 -- C++ base62 lib for representing big numbers
* "node.bcrypt.js":https://github.com/ncb000gt/node.bcrypt.js -- C/C++ bcrypt lib
* "node-crypto":https://github.com/waveto/node-crypto -- OpenSSL based Hashing, Signing and Verifying
* "node-oauth":https://github.com/ciaranj/node-oauth -- OAuth client (1 and 2)
* "oauthjs":https://github.com/itea/oauthjs -- OAuth client
* "oauth-server":https://github.com/selead/oauth-server -- OAuth server (1.0A)
* "node-openid":https://github.com/havard/node-openid -- OpenID 1.1/2.0 Relying Party (client)
* "pass":https://github.com/andris9/pass -- Validate/generate Apache htpasswd passwords (for Basic Auth)
* "rbytes":https://github.com/akdubya/rbytes -- Secure random byte generator for session keys, UUIDs, etc.
* "sasljs":https://github.com/nikhilm/sasljs -- "Gsasl":http://www.gnu.org/software/gsasl/ wrapper to performs server-side SASL authentication.
* "Hash":https://github.com/michaelsbradleyjr/Hash -- md5, sha1, sha256, sha512, ripemd160 algorithms in JavaScript. Can be used with node.js and browsers.
* "node-whirlpool":https://github.com/Sembiance/node-whirlpool -- C/C++ mhash lib wrapper providing whirlpool hash support

h3(#smtp). "SMTP":#smtp
* "smtp-client":https://github.com/sleeplessinc/smtp-client -- Simple SMTP client supporting AUTH and TLS/SSL (2.4)
* "node-smtp-client":https://github.com/miksago/node-smtp-client -- Implementation of the SMTP protocol in Node
* "node-smtp":https://github.com/aredridel/node-smtp -- Implementation of an SMTP server (and soon, client)
* "node_mailer":https://github.com/marak/node_mailer -- send emails from node.js to an smtp server, simple as cake 

h3(#tcp). "TCP / IP":#tcp
* "node-httpclient":https://github.com/billywhizz/node-httpclient -- Node HTTP Client (gzip, https, cookies etc.)
* "node-imap":https://github.com/mscdex/node-imap -- A module for interacting with IMAP mail servers
* "NodeFTPd":https://github.com/billywhizz/nodeftpd -- Node FTP Server
* "node-ftpclient":https://github.com/seanhess/node-ftpclient -- Node FTP Client
* "node-get":https://github.com/tmcw/node-get -- Moderately higher-level HTTP client library.
* "xmpp.js":http://xmppjs.prosody.im/ -- Library for implementing XMPP server components with Node
* "node-http-digest":https://github.com/codehero/node-http-digest -- Node HTTP Client with support for Digest Authentication
* "request":https://github.com/mikeal/node-utils/tree/master/request/ -- Simple HTTP client library.
* "node-xmpp":https://github.com/astro/node-xmpp -- Node XMPP library
* "node-snpp":https://github.com/jsanders/node-snpp -- Node SNPP server library
* "mdns":https://github.com/agnat/node_mdns -- mdns/zeroconf/bonjour service discovery add-on
* "macaddr":https://github.com/carter-thaxton/macaddr -- Obtain MAC addresses for current machine from Node
* "n3":https://github.com/andris9/n3 -- Experimental POP3 server to send arbitrary data to e-mail clients (including e-mails)
* "node-radio-stream":https://github.com/TooTallNate/node-radio-stream -- An interface for connecting to, parsing metadata, and reading from SHOUTcast/Icecast radio streams.
* "ndns":https://github.com/skampler/ndns -- DNS client/server library and parser
* "jsDAV":https://github.com/mikedeboer/jsdav -- jsDAV allows you to easily add WebDAV and CalDAV support to a NodeJS application. jsDAV is meant to cover the entire standard, and attempts to allow integration using an easy to understand API.
* "wake_on_lan":https://github.com/agnat/node_wake_on_lan -- Generate and send Wake-on-LAN magic packets
* "node-tld":https://github.com/donpark/node-tld -- for working with TLD data (registered domain name, etc)

h3(#rpc). "RPC":#rpc
* "bertrpc":https://github.com/rtomayko/node-bertrpc
* "jsonrpc":https://github.com/ericflo/node-jsonrpc
* "xmlrpc-c":https://github.com/caludio/node.xmlrpc-c -- Simple XMLRPC Client
* "dnode":https://github.com/substack/dnode -- Asynchronous remote method calls with transparently wrapped callbacks. Works with regular network streams or socket.io.
* "node-jsonrpc":https://github.com/andris9/node-jsonrpc -- Another JSON-RPC server
* "IPCNode":https://github.com/Frans-Willem/IPCNode -- Asynchronous RPC library based on node.js Stream object,  with support for circular objects, and explicit reference counting to ensure proper garbage collection.
* "msgpack-rpc":https://github.com/bpot/node-msgpack-rpc -- Implementation of Msgpack-RPC (http://msgpack.org)

h3(#ws-ajax). "Web Sockets & Ajax":#ws-ajax
* "Abstract HTTP Request":https://github.com/coolaj86/abstract-http-request -- An HTTP Client wrapper for the browser (XHR) and node.js (http module)
* "Comet LongPollingBuffer":https://github.com/robrighter/Long-Polling-Buffer -- A Library to simplify the server side of Comet AJAX long polling
* "Faye":https://github.com/jcoglan/faye -- Bayeux protocol Comet client and server for Node.js and Rack
* "Minotaur":https://github.com/yojimbo87/minotaur -- Long poll server using JSONP communication with clients
* "Socket.io":https://github.com/LearnBoost/Socket.IO -- WebSocket-compatible server and client with fallback for legacy browsers
* "node-XMLHttpRequest":https://github.com/driverdan/node-XMLHttpRequest
* "node.websocket.js":https://github.com/Guille/node.websocket.js -- WebSocket-compatible server.
* "node.ws.js":https://github.com/ncr/node.ws.js -- A basic Web Socket server with interface similar to tcp.createServer(...)
* "nodejs-http-websocket":https://github.com/zimbatm/nodejs-http-websocket -- A websocket server on top of the http server.
* "node-websocket-server":https://github.com/miksago/node-websocket-server -- Another websocket server on top of the http server.
* "Restler":https://github.com/danwrong/restler -- Simplified REST client for Node.js
* "node-websocket-client":https://github.com/pgriess/node-websocket-client -- An HTML5 Web Socket client.
* "Reston":https://github.com/maxpert/Reston -- REST client with multipart support and friendly API
* "tunguska":https://github.com/kriszyp/tunguska -- A comet publish/subscribe distributed hub (runs across multiple node instances).
* "grappler":https://github.com/mscdex/grappler -- A minimalistic server for handling "comet" connections that supports a variety of connection methods.
* "spacesocket":https://github.com/astro/spacesocket -- WebSocket server not invented here
* "Weasel":https://github.com/hackfrag/Weasel -- a command based websocket application framework
* "node-wwwdude":https://github.com/pfleidi/node-wwwdude -- A simplified, flexible HTTP/REST client library for node.js
* "node-bus":https://github.com/node-bus/node-bus -- A distributed pubsub engine for JSON-based events
* "wave-node":https://github.com/scottbw/wave-node -- An implementation of the Google Wave Gadget API for node.js
* "node-object-sync":https://github.com/jonashuckestein/node-object-sync -- Transparently synchronize objects across connected clients

h3(#message-queue). "Message Queues":#message-queue
* "websocket.MQ":https://github.com/networkimprov/websocket.MQ -- Reliable message queue server accessible via websockets, socket.IO, etc

h3(#class-system). "Class systems":#class-system
* "joose":https://github.com/joose/joose -- complete modern class system for JavaScript, based on concepts from many programming languages

h3(#testing). "Testing / Spec Frameworks":#testing
* "Benchmark.js":https://github.com/mathiasbynens/Benchmark.js -- A benchmarking library that works on nearly all JavaScript platforms, supports high-resolution timers, and returns statistically significant results.
* "fragile":https://github.com/coffeemate/fragile -- Lightweight command line unit testing tool for nodejs.
* "Gently":https://github.com/felixge/node-gently -- A node.js module that helps with mocking and behavior verification.
* "espionage":https://github.com/smtlaissezfaire/espionage -- A mock/stub framework using the test spy pattern.
* "expresso":https://github.com/visionmedia/expresso -- TDD framework by the author of "JSpec":http://jspec.info
* "exemplor.js":https://github.com/chrislloyd/exemplor.js -- A port of "exemplor":https://github.com/quackingduck/exemplor with Node goodness.
* "jasmine-node":https://github.com/mhevery/jasmine-node -- integration with "Pivotal's Jasmine Spec":https://github.com/pivotal/jasmine framework
* "Jody":https://github.com/garrensmith/Jody -- A descriptive BDD Testing framework 
* "jspec":https://github.com/visionmedia/jspec -- Feature Rich BDD Testing Framework (no longer supported)
* "minitest.js":https://github.com/botanicus/minitest.js -- Light-weight & simple testing framework designed specially for testing asynchronous code.
* "mjsunit.runner":https://github.com/tmpvar/mjsunit.runner -- Command line mjsunit runner which provides an easy way to hook into mjsunit and start running tests immediately.
* "node-assert-extras":http://gitorious.org/node-assert-extras -- Additional high level asserts
* "node-async-testing":http://bentomas.github.com/node-async-testing/ -- Simple, fast, extendable unit testing.  
* "node-qunit":https://github.com/kof/node-qunit -- QUnit port for nodejs. Very simple API, async testing, good tested testing framework.
* "node-stories":https://github.com/tobiassvn/node-stories -- Given/When/Then integration awesomeness for Node.
* "nodeunit":https://github.com/caolan/nodeunit -- Simple syntax, powerful tools. Based on the assert module. Available for node.js and the browser!
* "ntest":https://github.com/technoweenie/ntest -- another unit testing framework
* "patr":https://github.com/kriszyp/patr -- Promise-based asynchronous test runner: lightweight & simple.
* "pit":https://github.com/akaspin/pit -- Simple drop-in test runner with optional control tools
* "reut":https://github.com/5long/reut -- Heavyweight unit testing framework.
* "should":https://github.com/visionmedia/should.js -- expressive test framework agnostic BDD-style assertions
* "sinon":https://github.com/cjohansen/sinon.js -- JavaScript test spies, stubs and mocks for Node.js and the browser
* "spectacular":https://github.com/jcrosby/spectacular -- for testing
* "soda-runner":https://github.com/doug-martin/soda-runner -- Provides a command line interface, runner, and selenium ide adapter for for soda.
* "Speks":https://github.com/ecavazos/speks -- A specification framework for your node-code
* "testosterone":https://github.com/masylum/testosterone -- Virile testing for http servers or any nodejs application.
* "uubench":https://github.com/akdubya/uubench -- A tiny asynchronous JavaScript benchmarking library
* "Vows":https://github.com/cloudhead/vows -- asynchronous behaviour-driven development for node.js 
* "zombie.js":https://github.com/assaf/zombie -- Insanely fast, full-stack, headless testing using node.js

h3(#wrappers). "Wrappers":#wrappers
* "bdog-node":https://github.com/blackdog66/bdog-node -- haXe wrappers for node.
* "bdog-redis":https://github.com/blackdog66/bdog-redis -- haXe wrappers for Fictorial's redis client
* "bdog-gtk":https://github.com/blackdog66/bdog-gtk -- haXe wrappers for node and Gtk-Server
* "bdog-pstore":https://github.com/blackdog66/bdog-pstore -- haXe object server using bdog-node and bdog-redis
* "bdog-mongo":https://github.com/blackdog66/bdog-mongo -- haXe wrappers for native-mongo driver
* "SQLiteHaxeWrapper":https://github.com/tommedema/NodeSQLiteHaxeWrapper -- haXe wrappers for Orlandov's SQLite high level driver




h3(#parsers). "Parsers":#parsers

h4(#parsers-xml). "XML":#parsers-xml
* "node-o3-xml":https://github.com/ajaxorg/node-o3-xml -- W3C Standard based XML DOM with XPath and namespaces. Built on libxml2
* "node-o3-fastxml":https://github.com/ajaxorg/node-o3-fastxml -- W3C Standards based XML DOM based on fastest xml parser in the world pugiXML
* "libxmljs":https://github.com/polotek/libxmljs -- Bindings to libxml2
* "node-xml":https://github.com/robrighter/node-xml -- An xml parser for node.js
* "sax-js":https://github.com/isaacs/sax-js -- SAX-like parser in pure JS
* "node-expat":https://github.com/astro/node-expat -- Fast SAX parser binding to expat
* "node-expat":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/node-expat -- a fork of Fast SAX parser binding to expat, also includes XML to JavaScript object converter
* "node-xml2js":https://github.com/maqr/node-xml2js/ -- Simple XML to JavaScript object converter.
* "node-plist":https://github.com/TooTallNate/node-plist -- Apple Plist parser for NodeJS. Convert a Plist file or string into a native JS object.

h4(#parsers-commandline). "Command Line Option Parsers":#parsers-commandline
* "cli":https://github.com/chriso/cli -- Rapidly build command line apps. Full featured opts/args parser + plugin support
* "argsparser":https://github.com/kof/node-argsparser -- A tiny limited arguments parser, returns a hash.
* "optimist":https://github.com/substack/node-optimist -- Light-weight option parsing without optstrings or any of that silliness. It's just a hash!
* "optparse-js":https://github.com/jfd/optparse-js/tree/master -- Option Parser in JS
* "parseopt":http://bitbucket.org/panzi/javascript-utils/src/tip/parseopt/ -- Flexible and extensible option parser in JavaScript.
* "trollopjs":https://github.com/bentomas/trollopjs -- Another option parser
* "js-opts":http://www.bitbucket.org/mazzarelli/js-opts/ -- Another simple command line option parser, easily installed via NPM
* "node-arguments":https://github.com/fczuardi/node-arguments -- Yet another simple command line option parser
* "nomnomargs":https://github.com/harthur/nomnomargs -- Option parser with defaults, positional args, usage
* "tav":https://github.com/akaspin/tav -- Brain-free command-line options parser for node.js
* "Operetta":https://github.com/tricknik/node-operetta -- A Node Option Parser That Sings!

h4(#parser-generators).  "Parser Generators":#parser_generators
* "canopy":https://github.com/jcoglan/canopy -- PEG parser compiler for JavaScript
* "jison":https://github.com/zaach/jison -- A parser generator written in JavaScript; similar to Bison for C
* "PEG.js":http://pegjs.majda.cz/ -- Parser Generator for JavaScript
* "inimino's PEG":http://inimino.org/~inimino/blog/peg_first_release -- A PEG Packrat Parser Generator for JavaScript
* "jparse":https://github.com/doublec/jsparse -- A parser combinator for javascript based on Packrat parsers and Parsing expression grammars
* "ReParse":https://github.com/weaver/ReParse -- A parser combinator library for Javascript like Haskell's Parsec
* "OMeta Javascript compiler":http://tinlizzie.org/ometa-js/#JavaScript_Compiler

h4(#parsers-other). "Other Parsers":#parsers-other

* "node-rdf2json":https://github.com/baxtree/node-rdf2json -- A simple RDF/XML to JSON converter
* "node-brainfuck":https://github.com/masylum/node-brainfuck -- Brainfuck interpreter
* "node-discount":https://github.com/visionmedia/node-discount -- C markdown parser "discount" bindings
* "node-csv":https://github.com/voodootikigod/node-csv -- Efficient Evented CSV Parsing.
* "ya-csv":https://github.com/koles/ya-csv -- Evented CSV parser and writer with configurable separator, escape and quote characters
* "node-csv-parser":https://github.com/wdavidw/node-csv-parser -- Full featured CSV parser with simple api and tested against large datasets.
* "querystring.node.js":https://github.com/jazzychad/querystring.node.js -- Robust query string parsing for node.
* "yajl-js":http://bitbucket.org/nikhilm/yajl-js -- SAX-like evented JSON parsing using "yajl":http://lloyd.github.com/yajl
* "node-htmlparser":https://github.com/tautologistics/node-htmlparser -- Forgiving HTML Parser in JS for both Node and Browsers
* "node-useragent":https://github.com/3rd-Eden/node-useragent -- User agent string parser with accurate browser versioning and grouping
* "node-jspack":https://github.com/pgriess/node-jspack -- JavaScript library to pack ints, floats, etc. to octet arrays representing C data structures
* "node-msgpack":https://github.com/pgriess/node-msgpack -- Bindings for MessagePack, space-efficient object serialization library
* "node-rfb":https://github.com/substack/node-rfb -- Parse the RFB protocol used by VNC
* "node-bufferlist":https://github.com/substack/node-bufferlist -- Create linked lists of buffers and asynchronously parse binary data from these lists
* "node-netstring":https://github.com/pgriess/node-netstring -- Read and write "netstrings":http://cr.yp.to/proto/netstrings.txt
* "apricot":https://github.com/silentrob/Apricot -- Hpricot inspired clone, JSDom with Sizzle Selector engine and XUI for HTML augmentation
* "node-crawler":https://github.com/joshfire/node-crawler -- Web crawler/spider with JSDom, jQuery & connection pooling.
* "node-strtok":https://github.com/pgriess/node-strtok -- A streaming tokenizer library for binary data
* "ometa-js":https://github.com/bmavity/ometa-js , "ometajs":https://github.com/veged/ometa-js -- A JavaScript OMeta implementation
* "protobuf_for_node":http://code.google.com/p/protobuf-for-node/ -- Protocol buffer parsing and serialization
* "node-markdown":https://github.com/andris9/node-markdown -- Easy to use Markdown parser
* "highlight":https://github.com/andris9/highlight -- Code highlighter for Markdown <code> blocks and for automatic language detection
* "strscan":https://github.com/sstephenson/strscan-js -- Simple string tokenizer for lexical scanning operations
* "iniparser":https://github.com/shockie/node-iniparser -- A Simple .ini parser 
* "mailparser":https://github.com/andris9/mailparser -- Parse mime encoded e-mails into structured objects
* "node-browscap":https://github.com/dangrossman/node-browscap -- browscap.ini parser and port of PHP's get_browser function
* "node_spreadsheet":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/node_spreadsheet -- Read xls,xlsx,ods,csv spreadsheets (php based)
* "carrier":https://github.com/pgte/carrier -- Evented stream line reader for node.js
* "parser_email":https://github.com/jrgns/parser_email - Simple multi type email parser
* "memcache-parser":https://github.com/billywhizz/node-memcache-parser - Memcached binary protocol parser
* "node-formidable":https://github.com/felixge/node-formidable - A node.js module for parsing form data, especially file uploads.
* "CSSOM":https://github.com/NV/CSSOM - CSS parser and CSS Object Model implementation.
* "glossy":https://github.com/squeeks/glossy - Syslog message parser and producer

h3(#debugging). "Debugging / Console Utilities":#debugging
* "ain":https://github.com/akaspin/ain -- Brain-free syslog logging
* "cfdump.js":https://github.com/figital/cfdump.js -- a more visually inspiring way to dump your objects to a browser
* "colours.js":https://github.com/botanicus/colours.js -- Give your CLI programs some colours!
* "colored.js":https://github.com/chrislloyd/colored.js -- Colorize terminal output.
* "consolelog.js":https://github.com/jazzychad/consolelog.node.js -- stylized console logging for node.js
* "Eclipse debugger plugin":http://code.google.com/p/chromedevtools/ -- [[Using Eclipse as Node Applications Debugger]]
* "eyes.js":https://github.com/cloudhead/eyes.js -- A better, customizable value inspector for node.js
* "hexy.js":https://github.com/a2800276/hexy.js -- hex pretty printing like xxd
* "http-console":https://github.com/cloudhead/http-console -- A simple & intuitive HTTP console for testing APIs.
* "inspect":https://github.com/visionmedia/inspect -- hierarchical object inspection displaying ancestry, properties, methods, and accessors in great detail.
* "log.js":https://github.com/visionmedia/log.js -- light-weight logger that works with any writable stream, also supports a streaming parser for reading the log files generated
* "log4js-node":https://github.com/csausdev/log4js-node -- a port of log4js framework for node.js
* "logging":https://github.com/dylang/logging -- Super sexy color console logging.
* "node-logger":https://github.com/igo/node-logger -- Logging lib that can print also module names and line numbers, optionally in color
* "monitor":https://github.com/lorenwest/node-monitor -- Runtime monitoring for node.js applications - npm install monitor
* "node-prompt":https://github.com/jesusabdullah/node-prompt -- Prompt the user for questions in cli!
* "node-streamlogger":https://github.com/andrewvc/node-streamlogger -- Extensively customizable logging, with support for rotation
* "node_debug":https://github.com/Connorhd/node_debug/tree/master -- HTTP based console and object explorer
* "ndb":https://github.com/smtlaissezfaire/ndb -- traditional command line debugger (like gdb, ruby-debug, etc)
* "node-profiler":https://github.com/bnoordhuis/node-profiler -- access the V8 profiler from node.js
* "node-inspector":https://github.com/dannycoates/node-inspector -- browser based node debugger
* "node-cli":https://github.com/SchizoDuckie/Node-CLI/ -- cli.clear().move(20,20).color('green').write('Node-cli').down(1).back(7).color('yellow').write('Rocks!')
* "v8-profiler":https://github.com/dannycoates/v8-profiler -- v8 profiler bindings with node-inspector integration

h3(#compression). "Compression":#compression
* "node-compress":https://github.com/waveto/node-compress -- streaming compression / gzip library
* "node-compress by egorich239":https://github.com/egorich239/node-compress -- asynchronous streaming (de)compression library with gzip and bzip2 support, originally forked from "waveto's":https://github.com/waveto/node-compress
* "gzip":https://github.com/donnerjack13589/node.gzip -- simple compression using default linux "gzip" utility
* "node-zipfile":https://github.com/springmeyer/node-zipfile -- inspect and uncompress zipfile archives (C++ around libzip)

h3(#graphics). "Graphics":#graphics
* "node-canvas":https://github.com/learnboost/node-canvas -- High performance canvas implementation backed by the phenomenal Cairo graphics library
* "node-o3-canvas":https://github.com/ajaxorg/node-o3-canvas -- Fast HTML5 Canvas and image processing implementation based on AGG
* "node-gd":https://github.com/taggon/node-gd -- GD graphic library bindings
* "magickal-node":https://github.com/quiiver/magickal-node -- GraphicsMagick wrapper for node.js
* "node-magick":https://github.com/mirkok/Node-Magick -- rewrite of GraphicsMagick wrapper magickal-node fixing some issues
* "node-imagemagick":https://github.com/rsms/node-imagemagick -- ImageMagick module
* "node-png":https://github.com/pkrumins/node-png -- Convert an RGB or RGBA buffer to PNG fast
* "node-gif":https://github.com/pkrumins/node-gif -- Convert an RGB or RGBA buffer to GIF fast
* "node-jpeg":https://github.com/pkrumins/node-jpeg -- Convert an RGBA or RGB buffer to JPEG fast
* "node-ogl":https://github.com/tmpvar/node-ogl -- OpenGL bindings
* "node-webgl":https://github.com/pufuwozu/node-webgl -- WebGL emulation
* "gm":https://github.com/aheckmann/gm -- GraphicsMagick for node
* "node-video":https://github.com/pkrumins/node-video -- Create Theora/OGG videos from RGB(A) buffers (and stream them via <video> tag)
* "node-image":https://github.com/pkrumins/node-image -- Unifies node-png, node-gif, node-jpeg
* "node-pango-view":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/node-pango-view -- print text with pango to temporary png image, then merge it with ImageMagick. 
* "squeeze":https://github.com/nikhilm/squeeze -- Mince and convert images on the cloud using "UploadJuicer":http://www.uploadjuicer.com .
* "node-graphviz":https://github.com/glejeune/node-graphviz -- GraphViz for node
* "node-mapnik":https://github.com/mapnik/node-mapnik -- Mapnik bindings for high performance rendering of map tiles.
* "node-mapserver":https://github.com/pagameba/node-mapserver -- mapserver bindings for rendering mapserver MAP files via node
* "node-exif":https://github.com/gomfunkel/node-exif -- Library to extract Exif metadata from images
* "ffmpeg-node":https://github.com/xonecas/ffmpeg-node -- Node.js driver for ffmpeg library

h3(#payment-gateways). "Payment Gateways":#payment-gateways
* "paynode":https://github.com/jamescarr/paynode - library for integrating with various payment gateways
* "braintree":https://github.com/braintree/braintree_node -- library for integrating with Braintree
* "node-fortumo":https://github.com/andris9/node-fortumo -- bindings for Fortumo SMS payment API

h3(#api-clients). "API clients":#api-clients
* "aws-lib":https://github.com/mirkok/aws-lib -- An extensible library for Amazon Web Services including EC2, SimpleDB and the Product Advertising API
* "calais":https://github.com/mcantelon/node-calais -- Semantically analyze text using the Calais web service
* "dropbox-node":https://github.com/evnm/dropbox-node -- A wrapper for the Dropbox API 
* "evented-twitter":https://github.com/polotek/evented-twitter -- asynchronous twitter client, supports streaming api
* "facebook-js":https://github.com/masylum/facebook-js -- Easy peasy facebook client for connect.
* "flickr-reflection":https://github.com/teemow/node-flickr-reflection -- A flickr client that uses their reflection API (supports auth)
* "flickrnode":https://github.com/ciaranj/flickrnode -- A library to enable use of the flickr api (not as complete as node-flickr, but supports auth) 
* "lastfm-node":https://github.com/jammus/lastfm-node -- Read and write to users' recent plays on Last.fm
* "linkedin-js":https://github.com/masylum/linkedin-js -- Easy peasy linkedin client for connect.
* "mixpanel-node":https://github.com/carlsverre/mixpanel-node -- A simple Mixpanel API library for server-side analytics.
* "madmimi-node":https://github.com/garrensmith/Madmimi-node -- Client library for the MadMimi email api [[http://www.madmimi.com]].
* "node-mixpanel-api":https://github.com/campfirelabs/node-mixpanel-api -- A simple client for the Mixpanel Data API (not event tracking! see above)
* "node-apn":https://github.com/argon/node-apn -- A library to send messages using the Apple Push Notification Service.
* "node-c2dm":https://github.com/SpeCT/node-c2dm -- A library to send messages using the Android Cloud to Device Messaging (C2DM) service.
* "node-bitly":https://github.com/tanepiper/node-bitly -- A bit.ly API library for node.js - provides URL shortening/expanding.  Features full API.
* "node-flickr":https://github.com/edds/node-flickr -- A simple library to enable easy use of the flickr api
* "node-github":https://github.com/ajaxorg/node-github -- A wrapper for the "GitHub API":http://develop.github.com/
* "node-googleanalytics":https://github.com/ncb000gt/node-googleanalytics -- Google Analytics GData export library
* "node-googlemaps":https://github.com/moshen/node-googlemaps -- A wrapper for the Google Maps API
* "node-ostatus":https://github.com/eschnou/node-ostatus -- An implementation of the OStatus protocol (Webfinger, Push, Hcard, Salmon, etc.)
* "node-prowl":https://github.com/mape/node-prowl -- A module that allows you to send push notifications to your iPhone through the Prowl API
* "nodefm":https://github.com/mikebannister/nodefm -- So far just a util for consuming last.fm recent tracks history for a user
* "nodestalker":https://github.com/pascalopitz/nodestalker -- A beanstalkd client for node
* "node-twilio":https://github.com/sjwalter/node-twilio/ -- A helper library for the Twilio API
* "node-twitter":https://github.com/jdub/node-twitter -- Asynchronous Twitter REST/stream/search client for node.js
* "tropo-webapi-node":https://github.com/tropo/tropo-webapi-node -- A library for building multi-channel communication apps with the Tropo WebAPI.
* "tumblrrr":https://github.com/mvrilo/tumblrrr -- A wrapper for Tumblr's API
* "tweetstream":https://github.com/mikeal/tweetstream -- Stream like API for twitter's HTTP streaming interface.
* "TwitScript":https://github.com/ryanmcgrath/twitscript -- A port of Twython to Node.js (Twitter API Library)
* "twitter-js":https://github.com/masylum/twitter-js -- Easy peasy twitter client for connect.
* "node-gravatar":https://github.com/arnabc/node-gravatar -- Node.js Gravatar URL generator, can be used with Node.js blogging frameworks 
* "node-spore":https://github.com/francois2metz/node-spore -- Node.js implementation of "spore":https://github.com/SPORE/ Generate api client with a json file.
* "akismet-js":https://github.com/oozcitak/akismet-js -- A client for the "Akismet spam detection API":http://akismet.com/development/api/
* "spotify":https://github.com/roncioso/node-spotify-metadata -- Spotify api wrapper. Metadata lookup and search. Works with Spotify and http uris
* "node-mailchimp":https://github.com/gomfunkel/node-mailchimp -- A wrapper for the MailChimp API, MailChimp Export API and MailChimp Webhooks
* "ranger":https://github.com/mrduncan/ranger/ -- A simple library which wraps Campfire's API

h3(#async-flow). "Flow control / Async goodies":#async-flow
* "async.js":https://github.com/fjakobs/async.js -- Async chaining and file system utilities. Async.js is to node's fs module, what jQuery is to the DOM.
* "async":https://github.com/caolan/async -- Comprehensive async map/reduce and flow control (parallel, series, waterfall, auto...) module that works in node and the browser
* "chainsaw":https://github.com/substack/node-chainsaw -- Build chainable fluent interfaces the easy way in node.js
* "fiberize":https://github.com/lm1/node-fiberize -- Node API wrapper for use with fibers.
* "fibers":https://github.com/laverdet/node-fibers -- The closest thing to a thread you'll find in Javascript
* "fibers-promise":https://github.com/lm1/node-fibers-promise -- Small yet powerful promises based on fibers.
* "flow-js":https://github.com/willconant/flow-js -- Continuation-esque contruct for expressing multi-step asynchronous logic
* "funk":https://github.com/masylum/funk -- Asynchronous parallel functions made funky!
* "futures":https://github.com/coolaj86/futures - Asynchronous Method Queueing, Futures, Promises, Subscriptions, and other async goodies
* "groupie":https://github.com/alexkwolfe/groupie -- A simple flow control library for executing multiple functions as a group or in a chain, calling back when complete.
* "node-chain":https://github.com/ArtS/node-chain -- Simple call chaining library for node.js
* "node-continuables":https://github.com/bentomas/node-continuables -- A library making dealing with asynchronous code easier
* "node-cron":https://github.com/ncb000gt/node-cron -- Schedule callbacks with cron syntax
* "node-crontab":https://github.com/dachev/node-crontab -- Allows reading, manipulating, and writing user crontabs from node.js
* "node-inflow":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/node-inflow -- A next generation async control-flow library, with a shared object for called functions and debugging made easy.
* "node_memo":https://github.com/akidee/node_memo -- Asynchronous function memoization
* "node-parallel":https://github.com/Tim-Smart/node-parallel -- Create tasks in node.js that run in parallel, or sequences that run tasks one after another.
* "node-promise":https://github.com/kriszyp/node-promise -- Robust promises for node.js, includes promise utilities and promise-based I/O library
* "observer":https://github.com/azer/observer -- An alternative observer implementation, for both ss&cs.
* "Pulsar":https://github.com/michaelsbradleyjr/Pulsar -- Event emitter abstraction class, allowing reuse of custom-emitter logic across JavaScript environments.
* "seq":https://github.com/substack/node-seq -- Chainable asynchronous flow control for node.js with sequential and parallel primitives and pipeline-style error handling
* "sexy":https://github.com/crabdude/sexy -- Proxy (ES5) for writing sequential asynchronous code in a synchronous style
* "Signals":https://github.com/igo/signals -- Custom Event/Messaging system
* "Slide":https://github.com/isaacs/slide-flow-control  -- A flow control library that fits in a slide presentation
* "soda.js":https://github.com/tomyan/soda -- Asynchonous JavaScript module loader for client-side and Node.js
* "Step":https://github.com/creationix/step -- Tool for grouping and chaining asynchronous callbacks, based on "flow-js":https://github.com/willconant/flow-js

h3(#i18n). "I18n and L10n modules":#i18n
* "Lingo":http://bit.ly/cuaHAh -- Inflection, transformation and more
* "Dialect":https://github.com/masylum/dialect -- Dialect is a painless nodejs module that deals with i18n, and L10n.
* "express-dialect":https://github.com/masylum/express-dialect -- ExpressDialect is a "pluggable" express application that deals with i18n.

h3(#boilerplates). "Boilerplates":#boilerplates
* "node-boilerplate":https://github.com/robrighter/node-boilerplate -- Everything you need to get started on a Node.js website with express and socket.IO
* "transsiberian":https://github.com/masylum/transsiberian -- nodejs boilerplate built upon Express and Mongolia


h3(#other). "Other":#other
* "behaviors":https://github.com/caolan/behaviors -- A simple way to check a module's exports, useful for 3rd party plugins and extensions
* "box2dnode":https://github.com/jadell/box2dnode -- Port of the box2d physics simulation library
* "node-bullet":https://github.com/feisty/bullet -- (Bullet Physics)[http://bulletphysics.org/] for node.js
* "chess":https://github.com/wsdookadr/Q-Chess/blob/rewrite/server/chess.js -- library for checking legal chess moves
* "chess.js":https://github.com/jhlywa/chess.js -- library for chess move generation, validation, and mate/draw detection
* "class.js":https://github.com/visionmedia/class.js -- High performance and lightweight class implementation (10-ish SLOC) (! LINK IS 404ing)
* "closure":https://github.com/lm1/node-closure -- Google closure library wrapper for node.js
* "cookie-node":https://github.com/jed/cookie-node/ -- signed cookie functionality for node.js
* "node-cookiejar":https://github.com/bmeck/node-cookiejar -- repetitive use cookie jar construction / cookie functionality
* "daemon.node":https://github.com/Slashed/daemon.node/ -- Unix/Linux Daemons with node.js
* "datejs":https://github.com/chrisdew/datejs -- DateJS wrapped up as an NPM package for node.js
* "deja":https://github.com/mcantelon/node-deja -- CLI utility for managing git versioning of dotfiles and such
* "daemonchk.js":https://github.com/dulac/daemonchk.js/ -- Daemon Monitor (with HTTP interface)
* "dir2html":https://github.com/mcantelon/node-dir2html -- Render a directory as HTML
* "dust":https://github.com/pasviegas/dust -- OO way to fill your database with not totally random content
* "dox":https://github.com/visionmedia/dox -- Documentation generator using JSdoc and markdown comments
* "express-chat":https://github.com/Tug/express-chat -- A chat application demo for testing node.js + MongoDB scalability
* "express-contrib":https://github.com/visionmedia/express-contrib -- Express utilities that do not belong in core, but are still awesome :)
* "express-helpers":https://github.com/masahiroh/express-helpers -- Express view helpers
* "ext":https://github.com/visionmedia/ext.js -- High quality / performance JavaScript extensions specifically for node.js
* "Faker.js":https://github.com/marak/Faker.js/ -- generate massive amounts of fake data in Node.js and the browser
* "GeoIP":https://github.com/kuno/GeoIP -- Get geolocation information based on domain or IP address
* "Grillode":https://github.com/stephenmcd/grillode -- Chat server with various modes such as customer support queues, fixed rooms or Chatroulette random matchups. Written in CoffeeScript and uses express, socket.io and Coffeekup.
* "goog":https://github.com/hsch/node-goog -- Server-side Google Closure with Node.js
* "hub.js":https://github.com/greut/hubbub.js -- in-memory and in progress PubSubHubBub server
* "IRC-js":https://github.com/gf3/IRC-js -- An IRC library for node.js 
* "Jefe":https://github.com/fictorial/jefe -- Jefe is a safe sandbox for running user scripts in Node.js
* "Jerk":https://github.com/gf3/Jerk -- A fun little IRC bot library for node.js.
* "koala":https://github.com/visionmedia/koala.js -- Code syntax highlighting library
* "knox":https://github.com/LearnBoost/knox -- Amazon S3 client from the team at LearnBoost
* "LDAP":https://github.com/jeremycx/node-LDAP -- LDAP search/authenticate binding
* "lepote":https://github.com/tdebarochez/lepote -- XMPP bot
* "Lingo":http://bit.ly/cuaHAh -- Inflection, transformation and more
* "limestone":https://github.com/kurokikaze/limestone -- Sphinx search server connector
* "nDistro":https://github.com/visionmedia/ndistro -- Node distribution toolkit. Create and install distributions in seconds without GIT or npm
* "Nodaphone":https://github.com/DTrejo/nodaphone -- Use a **phone** to talk to your webapp or any other internet-enabled device. "See the example":http://dtrejo.no.de.
* "Node.io":http://node.io/ -- A distributed data scraping and processing framework.
* "NodeQ":https://github.com/shripadk/nodeq -- A module for Background Processing using Node.js (still Alpha).
* "node-applescript":https://github.com/TooTallNate/node-applescript -- A module to easily execute arbitrary AppleScript code on OS X through NodeJS.
* "node-date-utils":https://github.com/JerrySievert/node-date-utils -- Date extensions for NodeJS and client side.
* "node-discount":https://github.com/visionmedia/node-discount -- C markdown parser "discount" bindings
* "node-downloader":https://github.com/rabc/node-downloader -- Downloader module for node.js
* "node-amf":https://github.com/timwhitlock/node-amf -- AMF library and web service gateway for Flash remoting
* "node-amqp":https://github.com/ry/node-amqp -- AMQP client
* "node-amqp":https://github.com/xaviershay/node-amqp -- Basic AMQP client
* "node-asterisk":https://github.com/mscdex/node-asterisk -- Listen to events in realtime and issue commands on Asterisk servers
* "node-bittorrent":https://github.com/WizKid/node-bittorrent -- A library for handling the bittorrent protocol
* "node-chat":https://github.com/scottgonzalez/node-chat -- A simple web-based chat server
* "node-control":https://github.com/tsmith/node-control -- System admin and code deployment via ssh (similar to Capistrano/Vlad)
* "node-email":https://github.com/aheckmann/node-email -- A simple wrapper around sendmail
* "nodejs-phpmailer":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/nodejs-phpmailer -- enables to send  emails with inline images with phpmailer from nodejs.
* "node-validator":https://github.com/chriso/node-validator -- String validation, sanitization and filtering - support for user input validation with your chosen web framework
* "node-Daemon":https://github.com/Eyjafjallajokull/node-Daemon -- Restart node script after each change in main script or its dependencies
* "node-daemon":https://github.com/theteam/node-daemon -- Node daemon is a simple way to start, stop and restart your node based application without having to manage external scripts.
* "node-iconv":https://github.com/bnoordhuis/node-iconv -- iconv bindings, character encoding conversion made easy.
* "node-fork":https://github.com/ryantenney/node-fork -- C bindings to fork or daemonize the process.
* "node-genx":https://github.com/wezm/node-genx -- XML generation via the Genx C libary
* "node-geoip":https://github.com/strange/node-geoip -- geoip city lookup module (uses libgeoip)
* "node-gnomenotify":https://github.com/bodil/node-gnomenotify -- C++ bindings for GNOME libnotify on-screen notifications
* "node-growl":https://github.com/visionmedia/node-growl -- unobtrusive notification system (growlnotify "bindings")
* "node-libnotify":https://github.com/mitkok/node-libnotify -- unobtrusive notification system (libnotify "bindings")
* "node-logger":https://github.com/quirkey/node-logger -- Simple logging like Ruby's logger.rb and console.log
* "node-hammer":https://github.com/grippy/node-hammer -- Simple load testing tool similar to AB but with less features.
* "node-hash-ring":https://github.com/bnoguchi/node-hash-ring -- A consistent hashing module
* "node-irc-server":https://github.com/niklasf/node-irc-server -- An extensible IRC server implementation (only supports one server in a network, still in development)
* "node-maxmind":https://github.com/gyordanov/node-maxmind  maxmind/geoip module (using libgeoip)
* "node-maxmind-native":https://github.com/roymap/node-maxmind-native  maxmind/geoip module written in native node.js
* "node-memstream":https://github.com/jfd/node-memstream  MemStream is a memory-based Stream implementation
* "node-multivariate":https://github.com/grippy/node-multivariate  Application and framework for conducting A/B or Multivariate webpage testing (similar to mixpanel but with less features).
* "node_pcap":https://github.com/mranney/node_pcap -- Network packet capture and analysis using libpcap
* "node-pool":https://github.com/coopernurse/node-pool -- Generic resource pool.  Useful for pooling database connections or other precious things.
* "node-resque":https://github.com/jbr/node-resque -- Resque redis-backed job queue workers in node.js (no longer under active development)
* "node-queue":https://github.com/pagameba/node-queue -- simple queueing service for node, similar model to SQS but much higher performance
* "node-s3":https://github.com/grippy/node-s3 -- App for basic Amazon Web Services S3 administration (upload files, bucket admin, etc.)
* "node.Amazon-S3":https://github.com/nuxusr/Node.js---Amazon-S3 -- S3 implementation with Md5 signing, upload/download progress% events, streaming, large file support. 
* "node-sissy:":https://github.com/tricknik/node-sissy -- S3 Upload & Download, Supports 100 continue, Range header, and using Streams or Files.
* "node-solr":https://github.com/gsf/node-solr -- Solr module for Node
* "node-sosumi":https://github.com/drudge/node-sosumi -- Use Find My Phone services from your node apps
* "node-stomp":https://github.com/kates/node-stomp -- A basic STOMP client.
* "node-stomp-server":https://github.com/jbalonso/node-stomp-server -- A modular STOMP server framework and server
* "stomp-js":https://github.com/benjaminws/stomp-js -- Full featured STOMP client.
* "node-syslog":https://github.com/schamane/node-syslog/ -- Allows sending messages to syslog.
* "node-taglib":https://github.com/nikhilm/node-taglib -- Beginnings of bindings to "taglib":http://developer.kde.org/~wheeler/taglib
* "node-twiml":https://github.com/derferman/node-twiml -- Easy TwiML creation in node.js
* "node-ugly":https://github.com/felixge/node-ugly -- Allows to run PHP code from within node.js
* "node-uneval":https://github.com/chakrit/node-uneval -- Adds uneval() support to node.js
* "node-worker":https://github.com/cramforce/node-worker -- An implementation of the WebWorker API for node.js
* "node-webworker":https://github.com/pgriess/node-webworker -- An implementation of the HTML5 Web Worker API.
* "node-yui3":https://github.com/davglass/nodejs-yui3 -- Use the "YUI 3":http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/3 JS library from node.js
* "node-yql":https://github.com/drgath/node-yql -- A YQL (Yahoo Query Language) module for Node.js
* "node-zoneinfo":https://github.com/gsmcwhirter/node-zoneinfo -- A wrapper around Date to be able to use zoneinfo file timezone information
* "node-zookeeper":https://github.com/yfinkelstein/node-zookeeper - Apache Zookeeper client API for node.js
* "Nodemailer":https://github.com/andris9/Nodemailer - Easy to use module to send e-mails with Node.JS, unicode friendly
* "NormAndVal":https://github.com/roberthahn/NormAndVal -- Data normalization and validation for Node.js and the browser
* "nshtools":https://github.com/rsdoiel/nshtools -- a high level shell scripting library for file and operating system chores
* "odot":https://github.com/tsmith/odot - persistent, code reloading, interactive object space
* "sh.js":http://shjs.tuton.fr -- library for Unix shell scripting, replace Bash scripts with JavaScript
* "simplesets":https://github.com/PeterScott/simplesets-nodejs -- Set data type, with API similar to Python's sets module. Supports any data type, with equality tested by @===@.
* "Task.node":https://github.com/botanicus/task.node Simple task manager similar to Rake, Scons and others.
* "tasks.js":https://github.com/dandean/tasks.js Tasks for Node (like Rake!) with a very JavaScripty API.
* "temp":https://github.com/bruce/node-temp -- Temporary files and directories
* "user-agent":https://github.com/visionmedia/user-agent.js -- user agent string parser
* "uuidjs":http://bitbucket.org/nikhilm/uuidjs -- Simple, fast UUID generation (uses native binding to libuuid)
* "node-uuid":https://github.com/broofa/node-uuid -- Simple, fast(er?) UUID generation (pure JS, works in node + browsers)
* "vargs":https://github.com/cloudhead/vargs -- practical variable argument handling.
* "Wheres Waldo":https://github.com/technoweenie/wheres-waldo -- track locations of users in redis
* "Wrench-JS":https://github.com/ryanmcgrath/wrench-js -- Useful Node.js operations (recursive directory operations, etc)
* "yaml":https://github.com/visionmedia/js-yaml -- CommonJS YAML parser
* "node-ncurses":https://github.com/mscdex/node-ncurses -- An ncurses binding for node.js
* -"node-terminal":https://github.com/bmeck/node-terminal- -- A simple terminal module for ansi control codes. (broken link)
* "swirl-node":https://github.com/bmizerany/swirl-node -- A simple EC2 client
* "node-hoptoad-notifier":https://github.com/tristandunn/node-hoptoad-notifier -- Report exceptions to "Hoptoad":http://hoptoadapp.com.
* "html filtre":https://github.com/yikulju/HtmlFiltre - A proxy that filters Html requests and give you an opportunity to add custom content into the response
* "pokenode":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvy0mPt6Vzo - A push notification utility to make HTML/CSS development faster.
* "Set implementation":http://gist.github.com/427161 - built on the object hash
* "forms":https://github.com/caolan/forms -- An easy way to create, parse and validate forms
* "promised-io":https://github.com/kriszyp/promised-io -- Cross-platform promise-based I/O provides composibility on evented I/O.
* "node-inotify":https://github.com/c4milo/node-inotify -- Bindings to GNU/Linux Inotify API
* "node-inotify++":https://github.com/coolaj86/node-inotify-plusplus -- Thin, high-level wrapper around `node-inotify`
* "sneaker":https://github.com/coffeemate/sneaker -- Helps you observing objects if any attribute changes 
* "node-proxy":https://github.com/samshull/node-proxy -- Object Overloading and catch-all property interceptors using "Harmony Proxies":http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=harmony:proxies
* "node-ldapauth":https://github.com/joewalnes/node-ldapauth -- Authenticates users against an LDAP server
* "nodejs-clone-extend":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/nodejs-clone-extend -- a versatile clone and extend like underline.js, to clone JavaScript objects, enables DRY.
* "node-search":https://github.com/talltyler/node-search -- An asynchronous full text search engine for node
* "sandbox":https://github.com/gf3/sandbox -- A nifty javascript sandbox for use with node.js
* "Sibilant":https://github.com/jbr/sibilant -- A lispy language that compiles to js
* "pdf.js":https://github.com/marak/pdf.js -- A pdf renderer for node
* "node-recaptcha":https://github.com/mirhampt/node-recaptcha -- Display and verify Recaptcha captchas
* "jsinc":https://github.com/shimondoodkin/jsinc -- Include non-module JavaScript file in node js, for example jslinq
* "sprintf":https://github.com/maritz/node-sprintf -- Sprintf() functionality
* "hrtime":https://github.com/runelabs/hrtime -- Simple high resolution time POSIX-based functions providing nanosecond resolution, realtime clock, system uptime, process cputime, process runtime.
* "simplewhois":https://github.com/davidcoallier/node-simplewhois -- Retrieve Whois information for hostnames
* "nodepal":https://github.com/synodinos/nodepal -- A Drupal integration layer for Node.js developers
* "node-usb":https://github.com/schakko/node-usb -- USB asynchronous bindings based on libusb-1.0
* "stem":https://github.com/cwolves/stem -- English, French & German Porter2 stemming algorithm & basic tokenizer
* "functools":https://github.com/azer/functools -- A library for functional programming
* "node-srs":https://github.com/springmeyer/node-srs -- Bindings to libosr for handling spatial references in node
* "node-i3":https://github.com/badboy/node-i3 -- inter-process communication with i3 using node.js' asynchronous programming style

h2(#managment). "Node Management Utilities":#management

* "n":https://github.com/visionmedia/n -- node version manager

h2(#commonjs-compat). "CommonJS compatible modules that can be used with node.":#commonjs-compat
* "abbrev-js":https://github.com/isaacs/abbrev-js/ -- Like Ruby's Abbrev module.
* "async.js":https://github.com/caolan/async/ -- Idiomatic Functional programming lib adapted for asynchronous programming (ie. callbacks)
* "commonjs-geoUtils":https://github.com/moshen/commonjs-geoUtils -- Geographic Formulas for CommonJS
* "commonjs-utils":https://github.com/kriszyp/commonjs-utils -- "JSON Schema":http://json-schema.org/, AOP, XML-RPC, lazy arrays, and other utilities
* "data.js":https://github.com/michael/data/ -- A Javascript data manipulation library (features Graph and Collection data abstraction formats)
* "datatypes-js":https://github.com/jfd/datatypes-js -- Byte encoding/decoding for typical datatypes in JS.
* "Dojo Toolkit (Node-compatible fork)":https://github.com/novemberborn/dojo -- The Dojo library for Node
* "email.js":https://github.com/craigw/email.js -- Email generation and parsing in Javascript.
* "inflection":https://github.com/gmosx/inflection -- A port of the Rails/ActiveSupport inflector to JavaScript
* "match-js":https://github.com/jfd/match-js -- Simple pattern matching (functional style) in JS.
* "qxoo":https://github.com/fjakobs/qxoo -- port of the qooxdoo OO system to commonJS
* "schema.js":https://github.com/akidee/schema.js -- Modular data schema validation and adaptation according to JSON Schema for JavaScript
* "underscore":http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/ -- Unobtrusive functional programming utility library.
* "wu.js":http://fitzgen.github.com/wu.js/ -- A lazy, functional Javascript library that ain't nuthin' ta f*ck wit.

h2(#coffee-script). "CoffeeScript modules":#coffee-script

* "simple":https://github.com/dvv/simple -- Simple JSON REST/RPC server secured by Object Capability
* "simple-geoip":https://github.com/dvv/simple-geoip -- Simple _native_ maxmind GeoIP lookup. 4-6 times faster than node-maxmind-native. See wiki for details
