A list of people using node.js, ordered by their timezones and names. Inspired by "People on the Couch":http://wiki.apache.org/couchdb/People_on_the_Couch

Please add yourself to the according to "your timezone":http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/ using this format:

<pre><code>h2. UTC+/-n (+/-n summer)

* Real name (IRC name)
** contacts</code></pre>

h2. UTC-8
* Ryan Dahl (ryah)
** "GitHub":http://github.com/ry, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/ryah, "Website":http://tinyclouds.org

h2. UTC-7 (-6)
* Greg Ritter (gjritter)
** "GitHub":http://github.com/gjritter, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/gjritter, "Website":http://www.codespin.com

h2. UTC-6 (-5)
* Tim Caswell (creationix)
** "Blog":http://howtonode.org/, "Website":http://creationix.com/, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/creationix
* Marak Squires (JimBastard)
** "Website":http://maraksquires.com, "node_debug":http://maraksquires.com/node_debug/
* Elijah Insua (tmpvar)
** "Twitter":http://twitter.com/tmpvar, "Github":http://github.com/tmpvar
* Jim R. Wilson (jimbojw)
** "Blog":http://jimbojw.com, "Website":http://trephine.org

h2. UTC-5 (-4)

* Alexis Sellier (cloudhead)
** "Website":http://cloudhead.io, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/cloudhead, "Github":http://github.com/cloudhead
* Tristan Dunn
** "GitHub":http://github.com/tristandunn, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/tristandunn, "Website":http://tristandunn.com

h2. UTC-4 (-3)

* Ritchie Turner (blackdog)
** "Website":http://blackdog66.wordpress.com, "Twitter":http://www.twitter.com/blackdog66, "Github":http://github.com/blackdog66

h2. UTC-3 (-2)

* Pedro Viegas
** "Twitter":http://twitter.com/pasviegas, "Github":http://github.com/pasviegas

h2. UTC+0 (+1)

* Jason Davies (jasondavies)
** "Website":http://www.jasondavies.com/, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/jasondavies

h2. UTC+1 (+2)

* Felix Geisendörfer (felixge)
** "Blog":http://debuggable.com/blog, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/felixge
* Nicolas Mérouze (nmerouze)
** "Blog":http://www.boldr.net/, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/nmerouze
* Michael Borejdo (mediacoder)
** "Website":http://www.mediacoders.de/, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/mediacoder
* Siegmund Führinger
** "Website":http://sifu.co.at/, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/0xx0
* Bruno Michel (N`)
** "Website":http://dev.af83.com/, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/brmichel
* Jonas Pfenniger (zimbatm)
** "GitHub":http://github.com/zimbatm

h2. UTC+2 (+3)

* Artem Gnilov (Boo), Ukraine
** "Blog":http://boo.openbdsm.org/, "Twitter":http://twitter.com/BooBSD
