h2. Companies

* "13 pass":http://www.13pass.com/ -- Uses node.js and mongoDb to deals with API or realtime websocket programming.
* "37Signals":http://www.37signals.com/ -- Used node.js to write "Pow":http://pow.cx/, zero configuration Rack server for OS/X. 
* "A2 Hosting":http://www.a2hosting.com/web-development/nodejs-hosting - Node.js hosting provider
* "Academia.edu":http://www.academia.edu/ - uses node for background data processing
* "Adcloud":http://adcloud.com/ -- Javascript Adserver on EC2
* "AdGear":http://adgear.com/ -- Real-time advertising reporting
* "Adperium":http://www.adperium.com/ -- Real-time bidding platform, statistics collection
* "aimifan.com":http://aimifan.com -- Online food ordering in Shanghai
* "af83":http://af83.com/ -- uses node on several projects ("Geeks":https://github.com/AF83/Geeks for example)
* "Ajax.org":http://ajax.org/ -- Home of the Cloud9 IDE, Ajax.org Platform and O3 Node modules
* "Applied Data Consultants":http://applieddataconsultants.com
* "&yet (andyet)":http://andyet.net -- We make web software for human people.
* "AntPortal":https://antportal.com/
* "appendTo":http://appendto.com/ -- The Company Dedicated to jQuery
* "bejes.us":http://bejes.us/ -- NodeJS hosting using the @Nodester platform - Maintained by one of the developers.
* "Bitmechanic":http://www.bitmechanic.com/
* "Bocoup":http://bocoup.com
* "BrandedCode":http://brandedcode.com
* "browserling":http://browserling.com - test all the browsers in your browser!
* "Bubbler":http://bubbler.com - Bubbles up contextually useful information as you work!
* "Caffeinehit":http://caffeinehit.com
* "Camplight":http://camplight.net - Open company.
* "Chomp":http://chomp.com - mobile application search, uses node for components of the production backend
* "Chompin":http://chompin.com - discover new music, mobile app, uses node for the entire back end api
* "clickdummy":http://clickdummy.net - Fast prototyping for designers and dummies
* "Clock Limited":http://www.clock.co.uk - Top 100, Award-winning design and build agency specialising in node.js / high-profile clients such as BBC, NewsCorp ("Sun Perks":http://www.sunperks.com), Channel 4. 
* "cloudnode":http://cloudno.de/ -- NodeJS hosting and CouchDB hosting based on Nodester and CouchDB.
* "computeruniverse":http://www.computeruniverse.net -- online shop for computers, notebooks, home entertainment and much more
* "Comvel GmbH":http://www.weg.de -- One of the biggest travelsites in Germany
* "Conceited Software":http://conceited.net -- independent development studio focused on creating highly usable software for Mac, iOS, and the web
* "D Sharp":http://dsharpdiabetes.com -- uses NodeJS to power their mobile web application for diabetes management
* "Datagraph":http://datagraph.org/ - uses node as part of a sharded large-scale RDF storage system.
* "Debuggable":http://debuggable.com/ -- Creators of "Transloadit":http://transloadit.com/ (image / video uploading and encoding as a service), also offers node.js training and consulting.
* "Deco":http://www.on-deco.com - Real-time collaborative mood boarding for web designers
* "Development Seed":http://developmentseed.org/ - building data sites  
* "Dextrose":http://dextrose.com/ -- heavily uses node for their upcoming JavaScript based game engine "Aves Engine"
* "Doctape":http://www.doctape.com/ -- tag-based document & media management including an online-viewer to view dozens of document & video types in the browser
* "Dow Jones":http://social.wsj.com/ -- The WSJ Social front-end is written completely in node, using Express, ejs, and many other modules
* "DuckDuckGo":http://duckduckgo.com/ -- uses it for XMPP bot im@ddg.gg
* "Duostack":http://www.duostack.com
* "Durchblicker":http://durchblicker.at - The Austrian price comparison site. (price calculation engine)
* "Drops":http://dropsapp.com - Cross-platform alternative to Droplr and Cloud.
* "eBay":http://www.ebaytechblog.com/2011/11/30/announcing-ql-io/ - "ql.io":http://ql.io An HTTP gateway
* "Erskine Design":http://erskinedesign.com/ -- Real(ish)-time SNMP monitoring dashboard using websockets
* "e-resistible":http://www.e-resistible.co.uk - uses node to handle network communication to restaurant printers
* "Fictorial":http://fictorial.com
* "FeedHenry":http://www.feedhenry.com - uses node to host server-side JS for mobile apps in a MEAP (Mobile Enterprise Application Platform)
* "Trello":http://blog.fogcreek.com/the-trello-tech-stack/ - is powered by Node
* "Forward":http://www.forwardtechnology.co.uk/ - Real-time mapping and click-tracking (also "Metris":http://nko2-forward.herokuapp.com/)
* "Fostle":http://fostle.com/
* "Frog Design":http://www.frogdesign.com/
* "Geeklist":http://geekli.st/
* "Ge.tt":http://ge.tt Kick ass file sharing service - (oh and it's real time)
* "Gigboard":http://gigboard.com - Locational based gig finder.
* "GoInstant":http://goinstant.com - No install, web co-browsing
* "GoodData":http://www.gooddata.com Metric-driven analytics SAAS BI - the Way It Should Be
* "GREE":http://gree-corp.com/ - Largest mobile social game platform (GREE & OpenFeint)
* "Heroku":http://blog.heroku.com/archives/2010/4/28/node_js_support_experimental/ Dead simple Node deployment for you, and internal tools for us.
* "Humansized Inc.":http://www.humansized.com
* "IDFuze":http://www.idfuze.com - Working on a real time cards game using node.js and socket.io
* "ingk labs":http://ingk.com - Rapidly create startup prototypes with a strong emphasis on DRY
* "ipowerhouse":http://www.ipowerhouse.com - Focused on haXe/Node.js  game dev; first all haxe/node bingo product.
* "i.TV":http://i.tv - Next gen social media.
* "Jetsetter":http://www.jetsetter.com/ - Travel and Vacation Deals. Node.js powers the mobile website. 
* "Joshfire":http://www.joshfire.com/ - Internet Of Things company, Multi-device app development
* "Joinbox":http://www.joinbox.com/ - News/Email/Social Networks aggregator implemented with Node.js using several node modules like MongoDB, Snappy, and ICU.
* "Joyent":http://www.joyent.com/
* "Kano/Apps":http://www.kanoapps.com/ - builds social games and applications for every platform
* "Koding":http://kodingen.com/ - Browser-based IDE and Cloud Computing Platform for PHP/Ruby/Python and others.
* "Klout":http://klout.com/
* "LayerVault":http://layervault.com/ - Version control for designers
* "LearnBoost":http://www.learnboost.com/ - free "gradebook":http://www.learnboost.com and lesson plan software
* "Left Logic":http://leftlogic.com
* "LinkiT projects":http://linkit-projects.nl - Use nodejs for developing javascript sites. (http://yalia.nl/
* "Listener Approved":http://ListenerApproved.com - The radical new music industry
* "LiveChat":http://livechatinc.com - Live chat software for business
* "LiveShout":http://liveshout.com  - Realtime reactions (events, tv shows and more)
* "LocalStars":http://www.localstars.com - Using NodeJS, Mongo & Redis for scalable webservices
* "Lucky Orange":http://www.luckyorange.com - Using NodeJS for chat and for watching browser sessions in realtime.
* "M-Way Solutions":http://www.mwaysolutions.com -- Developing node.js based build tools for The-M-Project
* "Mass":http://mass.io - High traffic community sites, services and e-commerce.
* "Medium":http://thisismedium.com
* "Microsoft":http://www.microsoft.com - Core contributor to node.js for Windows. Uses node.js internally and provides cloud hosting for node.js applications in "Windows Azure":https://www.windowsazure.com/en-us/develop/nodejs/
* "Milewise":http://milewise.com - Using Node.js for real-time fare searching
* "Mistash":http://www.mistash.com - social network for sharing products.
* "Mixtaping.fm":http://www.mixtaping.fm
* "Mockingbird":http://gomockingbird.com -- Using Node.js and operational transformations to do real-time, collaborative wireframing
* "Moonshadow Mobile":http://www.moonshadowmobile.com -- Using Node.js to handle communication between a web client and a geospatial server
* "MyBrands":http://www.mybrands.de -- web-tracker and product recommendations (node + couchdb)  
* "myGengo":http://status.mygengo.com/ - myGengo uses Node.js for some internal status stuff.
* "nearForm":http://nearform.com - Node.js and mobile apps, systems integration.
* "neoSource":http://www.neosource.cl -- Based in Santiago, Chile. Specializes on Distributed Solutions.  
* "New Leaf Digital":http://newleafdigital.com -- Independent development shop specializing in Node.js and Drupal. Creator of "Spanish Flashcards":http://apps.newleafdigital.com/flashcards and "Interactive Lists":http://apps.newleafdigital.com/lists
* "NewsBasis":http://newsbasis.com -- Web crawler and async work in node
* "Newspaper Club":http://www.newspaperclub.co.uk - Uses node.js for wrapping a nasty SOAP interface to InDesign Server.
* "Next Feature":http://www.nextfeature.com
* "Next Generation Spinners":http://www.ngspinners.com/ - Supporting web developers, developing next generation tools. Database - Server - Browser - Language.
* "Next Please!":http://nextplea.se - uses node to match "Adobe Stratus":http://labs.adobe.com/technologies/stratus/ id's.
* "nitobi":http://nitobi.com
* "Nodejitsu":http://nodejitsu.com Hosting and ninja training for node.js.
* "OPOWER":http://opowerjobs.com - Using Node for recruiting site, referral tracking, and other new projects.
* "Opzi":http://www.opzi.com - Real-time enterprise collaboration apps on Node.
* "Original Machine":http://originalmachine.com - using node for a plethora of different web services.
* "Palm/HP":http://developer.palm.com/ - powers all the services in the new WebOS platform for mobile devices.
* "Pearson":http://pearson.com/
* "Peek Inc.":http://www.peek.ly/ - Uses Node.js for lightweight ultrafast web services. Peek's cloud brings smart apps to ultra mass market devices from leading brands globally.
* "Pilvy":http://www.pilvy.com/ -- backend is all node.js, including syncing with third-party services
* "Pixelspark":http://www.pixelspark.nl/ -- uses node.js for its "CoStore":http://costore.net online data collaboration and synchronization platform
* "Plurk":http://www.plurk.com/ -- using node.js for its "new comet system":http://amix.dk/blog/post/19490#Plurk-Instant-conversations-using-comet
* "Proxlet":http://proxlet.com -- Twitter API proxy & browser extension to filter out the noise.
* "Public Class":http://publicclass.se
* "Pushme.to":http://pushme.to -- web to iPhone messenger is using node.js for real-time messaging passing and push notifications
* "Radical Dynamic":http://www.radicaldynamic.com -- uses Node to power the "GroupComplete":http://www.groupcomplete.com app server.
* "radicalDESIGNS":http://radicaldesigns.org/ - Online campaign tools for nonprofits and grassroots movements.
* "Razorshift Entertainment":http://www.razorshift.com/ - Online social properties and services.
* "Rdio":http://www.rdio.com/ -- Uses node to synchronize state across multiple devices logged in to a single account, render pages for non-JS browsers.
* "Redman Tech":http://redmantech.com -- using Node to power internal tools, real time log monitoring, and R&D projects.
* "Sayqua":http://sayqua.com - Online tool to create Final Cut Pro subtitles from translation documents, and SRT & STL files.
* "Scopely":http://bit.ly/scopely-github -- using Node to power realtime chat, user presence and notifications, analytics, apis and general geekery.
* "SecretSocial":http://shh.sh - 100% node + SSL, a place for having private conversations.
* "Sentymetr":http://sentymetr.pl - Social media monitoring in Poland. We use JavaScript and node.js for data processing.
* "Sexbyfood":http://www.sexbyfood.com -- a web-based reservations book for restaurateurs
* "Shelby.tv":http://www.shelby.tv -- The most amazing way to discover and enjoy the video your friends are sharing.
* "Shine Technologies":http://www.shinetech.com/ -- Software consultancy with offices in Brisbane & Melbourne. We're helping our client to rewrite one of Australia's largest web sites using node. We also wrote "jazz":http://github.com/shinetech/jazz and "eventserver":http://github.com/shinetech/eventserver
* "Shiny Ads":http://www.ShinyAds.com/ -- Self-Serve Advertising platform for online publishers.  Using node.js for a super-fast/low memory internal ad server.
* "SimpleReach":http://www.simplereach.com/ -- Social intelligence platform. Using Node.js for data collection, aggregation, middleware, and ad serving
* "Singly":http://singly.com/ - Hosted Personal Data Home's, using node for most of the data aggregation/serving
* "SitePen":http://www.sitepen.com/ - Using node for persevere
* "Siteworx":http://www.siteworx.com/
* "Shortrr":http://shortrr.com -- Submit, read, and rank summary highlights of content in realtime while browsing the web
* "Sleepless Software Inc.":http://sleepless.com - Servers for large scale Facebook games.
* "Spoondate":http://spoondate.com - A delicious way to meet.
* "Stanzr":http://stanzr.com -- Real-Time, Outbound, Social Media Conversations for businesses 
* "Szpil":https://szpil.com - Keep detailed contact histories. Review past calls and conversations. Collaborate with colleagues. 
* "Taffi Pizza Geseke":http://taffi-pizza.de - Food delivery in Geseke, Germany
* "Telefónica R&D":http://tid.es
* "Thorcom Systems Ltd.":http://www.thorcom.co.uk/
* "Thinkfuse":http://www.thinkfuse.com
* "TRData Limited":https://trdata.com - real-time data processing and comet-server
* "Trellon":https://trellon.com - making node.js work with Drupal
* "URGE IO":http://urge.io
* "UrbanTouch.com":http://www.urbantouch.com -- Online Beauty Store (E-Commerce) based in India
* "Votizen":http://votizen.com -- Social lobbying for registered voters.
* "Voxer":http://voxer.com -- Walkie Talkie for your iOS device, backend uses all kinds of node
* "Webbynode":http://webbynode.com
* "Webdigi Web Development":http://www.webdigi.co.uk -- Web development agency based in London, UK
* "wemake":http://wemake.fr -- High performance Web Development based in Paris, France
* "wemakeweb":http://wemakeweb.de -- Digital Signage System on top of Node.js
* "Well.ca":http://well.ca - Canada's largest online pharmacy
* "Widescript":http://widescript.com -- A digital reading app targeted to people who study or make use of reference material.
* "Wikia":http://www.wikia.com -- Chat
* "Wizcorp":http://www.wizcorp.jp -- Tokyo based author of Mithril, a Node.js based HTML5 game engine.
* "Wompt":http://wompt.com -- A polished web-chatroom application with open authentication.
* "XOXCO":http://xoxco.com --  a tiny product development firm in Austin, TX.  Our goal is to make products that allow people to play and work together in new ways.
* "Yahoo!":http://www.yahoo.com -- Node.js is the basis of Yahoo! Manhattan, part of the "Cocktails platform":http://y.ahoo.it/hN9bV.
* "Yammer":https://www.yammer.com -- The Yammer Application Platform heavily uses node.js
* "YinzCam Inc.":http://yinzcam.com
* "Ylastic":http://ylastic.com/ - uses node for report processing and admin app
* "Yupana":http://yupana.com/ - node.js is the basis of our framework (collaborative accounting apps)
* "[[BörseGo AG|http://boerse-go.ag|]]" - they use a nodejs server for providing news pushed via websockets on http://www.jandaya.de
* "Doodkin" http://doodkin.com developed an mobile application with node.
* "Neuron web creative":http://www.neuron-webagency.com - A creative and innovative web agency, this is the agency that develops http://www.meetbymaps.com
* "CellkastGames":http://www.tickade.com - Tickade is an online redemption games platform where players can play casual games by themselves or against each other for tickets. Players can exchange tickets for real world prizes of their choice delivered to their doors 
* "Taobao":http://www.taobao.com - "Taobao labs":http://labs.taobao.com/ applications hosting and "Taobao index":http://shu.taobao.com/.


h2. Websites and Applications

This list is for websites and applications that are powered by node.js. If you've created a module (something which can *only* be run by being included into another project) then your project belongs on the "modules page":https://github.com/joyent/node/wiki/Modules instead. _If you spot modules here, feel free to remove them._

* "Duke Chronicle":http://www.dukechronicle.com -- Duke University's student run news site, built entirely on Node.js
* "Monorail.js":https://github.com/runexec/Monorail.js -- Ultra lightweight MVC Framework for Node.js
* "node_chat":http://github.com/ry/node_chat by ry
* "64squares":http://64sq.com - by weepy - real time live chess running on node + socket.io with facebook
* "7 Minutes Chrono":http://www.7minuteschrono.com - A speed-dating chat application. Uses websockets and node.js
* "Ajax IM":http://github.com/endtwist/AjaxIM -- Ajax IM is an instant messaging server and framework for the browser.
* "Alligator":http://github.com/mrohad/Alligator -- Application Server on top of NodeJS (JSSP and SSJS support)
* "&! (andbang)":http://andbang.com -- Realtime mind-meldification for teams.
* "antinode":http://github.com/mhansen/antinode -- Simple static file HTTP Server with logging
* "Apples to Oranges":https://github.com/cmpolis/Apples-and-Oranges -- Node.JS, Socket.IO powered Apples to Apples game("tutorial":http://www.bytemuse.com/2011/06/building-a-web-app-part-1-planning)
* "Applifier - Largest social game cross promo network":http://www.applifier.com (reference <a href="http://twitter.com/jussil/status/12048190433918976">http://twitter.com/jussil/status/12048190433918976</a>)
* "azathoth":http://github.com/orlandov/azathoth -- simple HTTP traffic/load generator and benchmark proof of concept
* "Backbone Examples Ported From Knockout (WIP)":https://github.com/mgutz/backbone-knockout-examples -- by Mario Gutierrez
* "BeBeDo":http://bebedo.com - Instant search for local things to do
* "BirdChat":http://birdch.at/ — Chat with your friends from Twitter
* "Bitfloor":https://bitfloor.com - Bitcoin currency exchange
* "Bittorrent Tracker":https://github.com/anhel/node-bittorrent-tracker - High performance bittorrent tracker by anhel
* "BKLN":https://github.com/forsurerad/bkln -- URL Shortener based on node.js
* "blog.js":http://github.com/furtivefelon/blog.js -- Simple blogging engine based on node.js
* "bookfriend.me":http://bookfriend.me/ — Community site for Barnes and Noble Nook owners who want to borrow/lend books
* "boxsocial.fm":http://boxsocial.fm/ - Party mode for Last.fm.
* "BusBound":http://www.busbound.com/ - iPhone web application built with express framework
* "Calipso":http://calip.so - A NodeJS CMS
* "CamanJS":https://github.com/meltingice/CamanJS/tree/node - NodeJS port of a Canvas Image Manipulation Library
* "candy-node":https://github.com/pstadler/candy-node - Deploy "Candy":http://amiadogroup.github.com/candy/ (a JavaScript-based chat client for XMPP) as a node.js application
* "cassiterite":http://github.com/kurokikaze/cassiterite -- Another blogging engine based on node.js + Tokyo Tyrant + nginx
* "Chartaca":http://chartaca.com - simple real-time analytics
* "Chilitweets":http://chilitweets.com - The service discovers the hottest links in your Twitter timeline. Node.js is used in the backed to fetch Tweets and resolve URLs.
* "Clipboard":http://www.clipboard.com - Service that lets you clip, save &amp; share the web. Built on Node.js with Riak & Redis.
* "Cloud9":http://www.cloud9ide.com -- Cloud9 IDE is aiming to be the IDE for Javascript developers, built with NodeJS and lots of other Node modules
* "Cloudspace Mockups":http://cloudspacemockups.com/ - A Mockup Creator using node.js and MongoDB by "Cloudspace":http://cloudspace.com
* "colorapi":http://colorapi.com/ - Color palette generator from Flickr images.
* [[Constant Sail: Pirates & Traders|http://constantsail.com]] - real time pirate game (uses [[mongodb-native|https://github.com/christkv/node-mongodb-native]] and socket.io)
* "ComicR":https://github.com/amiklosi/Comicr - An online html5 speech bubble tool ( <a href="http://comicr.co.uk">http://comicr.co.uk</a> )
* "CouchPress":http://couchpress.nodester.com - a super lightweight and modular blogging engine or content management system built on NodeJS, Express and CouchDB.
* "designo":https://github.com/kazuyukitanimura/designo — Realtime Twitter client demo exploiting Node.js+Websockets+HTML5
* "DinMaker":http://github.com/creationix/node-topcloud-chat by creationix (live demo at <a href="http://chat.creationix.com">chat.creationix.com</a>)
* "diretto":http://www.diretto.org/ - Distributed Recon/Reporting Transceiver Toolkit – Uses Node.js for web-based media storage and for its RESTful webservice implementation
* "Djangode":http://github.com/simonw/djangode - Django’s regex-based URL handling, utility functions, and html templating for node
* "Drama Royal":https://apps.facebook.com/dramaroyal - Facebook-based reboot of the Sissy Fight 2k game of middleschool playground battles
* "Drupal Node.js module":https://drupal.org/project/nodejs - Drupal module that integrates Node.js and Socket.IO with Drupal
* "EasyWebSocket":http://easywebsocket.org - a WebSocket client to broadcast messages to webpages
* "Eat Out":http://www.eatoutdiningcard.co.uk - The Times newspapers diners club. Entire solution developed in node.js by Clock Limited
* "Truco Argentino":http://apps.facebook.com/elgrantruco - Multiplayer Card Game for Facebook using Faye & ExpressJs (Argentina)
* "ElusiveHippo":http://elusivehippo.com - Push deployment for nodejs (non-functional / doesn't work)
* "Etherpad-Lite":https://github.com/Pita/etherpad-lite - Real time collaborative document editor based off of Etherpad
* "Filsh":http://www.filsh.net - Converts online videos to other formats in a big server cluster. (German)
* "Fishl.com":http://fishl.com/ — Mark and save quotes you like all over the Web
* "Flickr Spy":http://github.com/ncr/flickr_spy -- Discover where your Flickr contacts are commenting
* "GAIN Index":http://index.gain.org -- by the Global Adaptation Institute. Data-intensive site on Adaptation to climate change.
* "G-Lock Analytics":http://glockanalytics.com — Realtime email analytics web application
* "GoldFire Network":http://goldfire.me - Social gaming platform for real-time browser games
* "Google+ Scraper":https://github.com/fhemberger/googleplus-scraper/ - Retrieve profile infos and posts from Google+ users
* "Graffiti &beta;":http://yay3d.com/graffiti — Interactive multi-user shared canvas whiteboard
* "GrowlHub":http://github.com/idris/growlhub - Growl Notifications for GitHub
* "gwt-node":https://github.com/cretz/gwt-node - Node.js in GWT allowing apps to be written in Java.
* "Hummingbird":http://hummingbirdstats.com/ -- A realtime web analytics app using socket.io
* "instant message God":http://imgod.me - Social Art project using node and MySQL
* "JamBox":http://jambox.us/ – a collaborative real-time musicmaking app.
* "jimi":http://github.com/colingourlay/jimi -- A framework for writing modular web applications in node.js ("tutorial":http://wiki.github.com/colingourlay/jimi/tutorial-hello-world)
* "js.io":http://github.com/mcarter/js.io -- Javascript Networking Library for building real-time web applications
* "jsbuild":http://github.com/azer/jsbuild -- A command-line utility that provides building CommonJS modules and packages for web
* "JSONPify":http://jsonpify.com/ - a JSONP proxy for client applications
* "Junkyard Jumbotron":https://github.com/c4fcm/Junkyard-Jumbotron - Take a bunch of random displays and stitch them together into a large, virtual display. 
* "KansoJS":http://kansojs.org - A surprisingly simple way to write CouchApps, by making use of the design_doc api in the browser
* "Kraken.io":http://kraken.io - Online image optimization tool.
* "League of Stats":http://leagueofstats.com - League of Legends Summoner information look-up tool. 
* "LifeInText":http://github.com/weilawei/LifeInText -- LiT is a mashup platform for personal projects and snippets.
* "Locker Project":http://lockerproject.org/ — Open source project for all your personal data.
* "Loggly":http://loggly.com/ — Webservice for receiving syslog and HTTP based logs.
* "Manifest Validator":http://manifest-validator.com - Check cache manifest files for web application offline storage
* "Mashape":http://www.mashape.com - Open API Plaform for consuming, distributing and managing APIs.
* "memcached.js":https://github.com/dalssoft/memcached.js — Port of Memcached server for Node.js
* "minlint":https://github.com/tsmith/minlint - minimalist version of jslint from command line
* "Multi Touch Multi User Canvas":https://github.com/eddanger/Multi-Touch-Multi-User-Canvas - Node.js, Socket.IO, Express, and a multi touch canvas!
* "MultiplayerChess.com":http://multiplayerchess.com - Quickest way to play chess. 
* "Nextdays":http://www.nextdays.com - The fun and easy way for social planning - uses Node.js, Express, Mongoose, Passport and related modules.
* "NewsQast.net":http://www.newsqast.net - Local news, weather, traffic, and more.
* "nakliyem.net":http://nakliyem.net - Transportation business network.
* "noatta.ch":http://noatta.ch/ -- Instant Personal File Sharing
* "NodeaSnake":http://www.ymutlu.com/experiment/nodeasnake/ - NodeaSnake multiplayer snake game.
* "node-asset-server":https://github.com/TrueCar/node-asset-server - An asset packaging/minification web service
* "node-boilerplate":http://github.com/robrighter/node-boilerplate -- Everything you need to get started on a Node.js website with express and socket.IO
* "node-build":http://github.com/linkitprojects/node-build -- ant like build tool for nodejs without the xml hassle 
* "node-tracker":http://github.com/pleax/node-tracker -- BitTorrent tracker implemented with Node.js
* "Node.io":http://node.io/ -- A distributed data scraping and processing framework
* "Node.js Interactive Shell":http://github.com/bancek/node-interactive-shell -- Interactive shell for Node.js
* "node3p":http://github.com/ncb000gt/node3p by ncb000gt -- AmazonMP3 downloader
* "node3p-web":http://github.com/ncb000gt/node3p-web by ncb000gt -- Web interface for node3p
* "NodeCli":http://github.com/SchizoDuckie/Node-CLI - A super-simple class for Node.js to spice up your Node.js console output. Position cursor, clear screen, change colors
* "NodeGame Shooter":http://github.com/BonsaiDen/NodeGame-Shooter - Multiplayer asteroids with powerups etc. Using a fat Node.js server with thin clients
* "nodeIM":https://github.com/caraboides/nodeIM by caraboides — RESTful webservice around ImageMagic
* "nodelint":http://github.com/tav/nodelint by tav — run jslint from the command line
* "nodeload":http://github.com/benschmaus/nodeload by benschmaus and jonjlee  — utility for benchmarking HTTP APIs
* "NodeMachine":http://github.com/tautologistics/nodemachine -- Port of WebMachine for Node.js
* "nodemon":http://github.com/remy/nodemon -- Development tool for automatically restarting Node server when changes are made to any app files
* "Nodester":http://nodester.com/ — Open source Node.JS hosting platform.
* "nodewiki":http://github.com/gjritter/nodewiki -- a simple wiki based on node and redis
* "nTunes":http://github.com/TooTallNate/nTunes by TooTallNate -- A REST (HTTP) API for interacting with iTunes written in NodeJS.
* "nTunesAnywhere":http://github.com/TooTallNate/nTunesAnywhere by TooTallNate -- A mobile WebApp to access your iTunes library from anywhere (using nTunes and jQTouch)!
* "NowJS":https://github.com/Flotype/now — Framework for making real-time webapps using JavaScript. 
* "OpenTaxFormFiller":http://github.com/codehero/OpenTaxFormFiller -- Uses node for data translation
* "OPOWER Jobs":http://github.com/dylang/opowerjobs -- Open source example of a full live site using Express, Connect, EJS, AssetManager, Logging, and other Node modules.
* "Orona":http://stephank.github.com/orona/ -- A multiplayer game of tank warfare. (Remake of the classic Mac game Bolo.)
* "paperserve":http://github.com/StanAngeloff/node-paperserve -- Quick and dirty web server from your working directory
* "pdfkit":http://devongovett.github.com/pdfkit/ - a powerful PDF generation library for Node
* "Persevere":http://www.persvr.org/ - REST/HTTP + JSON-based web data project that includes "Pintura":http://github.com/kriszyp/pintura, "Perstore":http://github.com/kriszyp/perstore, "CommonJS-Utils":http://github.com/kriszyp/commonjs-utils
* "pipej.js":http://pipejs.com/ - A Cloud JavaScript Loader,
* "polyfill.js":https://github.com/kbjr/polyfill.js - A JavaScript polyfill framework
* "pubsub.io":http://pubsub.io — a realtime message hub that routes messages using queries
* "Rate My Apple Store":http://ratemyapplestore.com - Using social media tool to find the shortest Apple Store lineup.
* "q-chess":http://github.com/wsdookadr/Q-Chess/tree/rewrite by wsdookadr — chess game multiplayer server using [[faye|http://github.com/jcoglan/faye]] + client written using [[Qooxdoo|http://qooxdoo.org/]] 
* "Realie":http://www.web2media.net/laktek/2010/05/25/real-time-collaborative-editing-with-websockets-node-js-redis/ - Real-time Collaborative Editor using Web Sockets, Node.js & Redis (non-functional / doesn't work)
* "redis-ajax-push":https://github.com/exceleron/redis-ajax-push - AJAX Push/Long-Polling with Redis and node.js
* "Scrabbly":http://scrabb.ly - A Massively Multiplayer word game written on node.js. A Node Knockout winner.
* "scriptable-node-irc-bot":http://github.com/haxd/scriptable-node-irc-bot -- Scriptable Node IRC Bot
* "SendTab":http://sendtab.com -- Magically send tabs from one computer to another!
* "ShareDesk":https://github.com/namjul/shareDesk - Share files on a virtual desk with others (of course) in real time ("http://sharedesk.at":http://sharedesk.at)
* "Simple Isometric Game Concept":https://github.com/diaswrd/Singd - Simple multi-player isometric node.js game concept
* "Simple Node.js MUD":http://github.com/gumho/simple-node.js-mud - Simple multi-user dungeon using Node.js
* "slyncr":https://github.com/chrisjaure/slyncr — bookmarklet to control web slideshows via a remote site
* "Socket.IO":http://github.com/LearnBoost/Socket.IO-node - An abstraction over all the realtime transports (WebSocket, long polling, XHR multipart, etc) for the Node HTTP server
* "SoundType":http://soundtype.com - Play MIDI music with other people in real time (uses NowJS for WebSockets)
* "Sousaball":http://github.com/creationix/sousaball by creationix (<a href="http://sousaball.creationix.com">sousaball.creationix.com</a>)
* "spotted@":http://spotted.at/ — spotted @ provides local classifieds for jobs, housing, for sale, personals, services, local community, and events.
* "stackvm":http://github.com/pkrumins/stackvm -- Virtual machines on the web!
* "Substance":https://github.com/michael/substance — A data-driven and cloud-aware realtime document authoring engine
* "Sun Perks":https://www.sunperks.com - The Sun newspapers loyalty club. Entire solution developed in node.js by Clock Limited
* "Sunday Business Post":http://businesspost.ie - Ireland's leading business newspaper
* "Szpil":https://szpil.com - CRM using Node and TokyoCabinet. Shared client/server database and model code, user interface decoupled from the network, API retrieval and authorization performed at the meta-data layer using set union and intersection on indexes to avoid JSON deserialization/serialization overhead.
* "teamit.org":http://teamit.org - Teaim iT is a free and simple issue tracker for small teams and individuals
* "The API Playground":http://github.com/jashkenas/api-playground - A website where journalists can play with API examples. (CoffeeScript/Express) "apiplayground.org":http://apiplayground.org
* "The WPilot Project":http://jfd.github.com/wpilot/ - A multiplayer, space shooter, action game in your browser. Server is built in node
* "The-M-Project":https://github.com/mwaylabs/the-m-project - HTML5 JavaScript framework for mobile apps with nodeJS build tool
* "TileMill":http://tilemill.com -- A map design studio built by "DevelopmentSeed":http://developmentseed.org
* "Top Twitter Trends":http://www.toptwittertrends.com -- Real time trending tweets by node.js, nginx and mongodb
* "Trello":http://trello.com -- single-page web app collaboration tool from Fog Creek
* "Trending Topics Client":http://github.com/fczuardi/ttc -- Command line tool to get trending topics from Twitter
* "TxtAtlas: Put your texts on the map":http ://txtatlas.com -- A demo Twilio/Node.js/Redis application by Stephen J. Walters
* "vertex.js":http://github.com/stevedekorte/vertex.js - A graph database inspired by filesystems built on node.js and tokyocabinet.
* "vows.js":http://vowsjs.org/ - "Asynchronous behaviour driven development for Node."
* "Wherevent":http://www.wherevent.com -- a search engine to help you find geolocated events and check who's coming. It use node.js to interface with facebook graph-API, yahoo and google APIs.
* "wikiedge.org":http://www.wikiedge.org/ - A website to promote Chinese Wikipedia by deliver a daily magazine by good Wikipedia content, it is an opensource project, and code is at "github":https://github.com/mountain/distilled .
* "wtfjs":http://github.com/brianleroux/wtfjs - what the fuck javascript!
* "yamr":http://yamr.net - an open source multi-user/multi-room chat application. code here https://github.com/poops/yamr
* "zztmmo":http://github.com/marak/zztmmo - a zzt based massive multiplayer online game built in node.js and jQuery (currently only single player)
* "meetbymaps":http://www.meetbymaps.com - a realtime geo-social network: users, events, point of interest  and many other things inside google maps.You can login using fb account and in your position will be placed a marker that follows your movements.
* "grir.am":http://grir.am - Website where users with knowledge of armenian may improve their typing skills.
* "huubla":http://huubla.com -- location management
* "musicquiz":http://musicquiz.to - multiplayer music quiz game using express socket.io and mongodb
* "Page Watch Report":http://pagewatchreport.com - Include web page watch, site down monitor, social media, etc., using express, jquery, and mongodb
* "Chrome DevTools Autosave":https://github.com/NV/chrome-devtools-autosave — uses Node to write changes made in Chrome DevTools
* "Las Vegas Athletic Clubs":http://github.com/Paul-J-Barrett/emcheck - We use Node for emergency offline  check in of members to our health club.
* "Notifymode":http://notifymode.com — provides real time performance and memory profiling for your node.js app
* "ZooQoos":http://zooqoos.com - "Be A Jumper" Teleportable Location Based SNS - uses express and socket.io